AntennaComponents
ElectronicallySteered Antenna Arrays

SWISSto continues expansion with additional production space, growing team by adding leading Satcom Engineers

SWISSto12 adds an additional 1,200m2 of production space, including a large clean room, to its existing 4,500m2 site in Renens, Switzerland SatCom veteran Peter Bach…

SWISSto12 named by Via Satellite as one of “10 Hottest Companies” in Annual Shortlist

SWISSto12, one of Europe’s fastest-growing aerospace companies and a leading manufacturer of advanced satellite payloads and Radio-Frequency (RF) systems, has been named by Via Satellite…

SWISSto12 marks a year of stellar growth

SWISSto12, one of Europe’s fastest-growing aerospace companies and a leading manufacturer of advanced satellite payloads and Radio-Frequency (RF) systems, is celebrating 202 as a landmark…

HummingSat: A New Chapter in Space Innovation Unveiled

The HummingSat range of satellites, named after the tiny, agile, fast-moving, and yet apparently stationary hummingbird, are being developed under an ARTES Partnership Project between…

SWISSto12 announces development of Active Electronically Steerable Antennas in collaboration with Thales

SWISSto12 collaborates with Thales for the development of Active Electronically Steerable Antennas (AESAs) for Satcom-on-the-move market, with a focus on airborne, land and maritime vehicles. …

SWISSto12 Secures CHF 25 Million (€26.15million) Working Capital Financing Facility from UBS for HummingSat Satellite Business

SWISSto12, one of Europe’s fastest growing satellite and Radio Frequency product manufacturers, has announced securing a CHF 25 million (€26.15 million) working capital facility from…

Inmarsat selects SWISSto12’s HummingSat for I-8 Satellites to power L-band network

The satellite operator has announced its new Inmarsat-8 small satellites will launch in 2026 to provide crucial safety services and support advances in emergency tracking.…

Intelsat chooses SWISSto12 to build Intelsat 45, a landmark for next generation geostationary satellites

Intelsat becomes first commercial customer for SWISSto12’s innovative HummingSat geostationary telecommunications satellite, developed with its patented 3D printing technology in collaboration with the European Space…

SWISSto12 HummingSat product line secures strong support at ESA Ministerial Council

Lausanne, Switzerland, January 18 2023 SWISSto12, Switzerland’s fastest-growing aerospace company and a leading manufacturer of advanced satellite payloads and systems, today announced that the HummingSat…

SWISSto12 launches US entity St12 RF Solutions Inc, to boost engagement with US Aerospace customers

Newly incorporated St12 RF Solutions, Inc. will collaborate with US partner Frontgrade Technologies to deliver complex differentiated RF solutions to the US Aerospace market to…

HummingSat passes Systems Review milestone with ESA

An innovative small-sized satellite product line for geostationary telecommunications has passed its ESA system requirements review and received its official name of "HummingSat". The slimline…

SWISSto12 and PROFEN announce strategic partnership to bring industry-leading satellite connectivity solutions to Turkey’s aerospace market

Lausanne, Switzerland and Istanbul, Turkey, 09 March 2023 SWISSto12, Switzerland’s fastest-growing aerospace company and a leading manufacturer of advanced Radio Frequency (RF) products and systems,…

1
2
3

Stay up to date
Sign up here to receive email updates on SWISSto12 news.

Leave this field empty if you're human: 
By signing up, you agree to SWISSto12’s Privacy Policy