PrecisionEnrollmentforClinicalTrials

GoogleAnalyticssnippetaddedbySiteKit

EndGoogleAnalyticssnippetaddedbySiteKit

GoogleTagManagersnippet added by Site Kit 

 End Google Tag Manager snippet added by Site Kit 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 

Solid Biopsy (OncoDEEP® Kit)Liquid Biopsy (OncoSELECT® Kit)Molecular Residual Disease (MRD)OncoCDI – Clinical Data Intelligence 

Clinical TestingPrecision enrollmentMRD for PharmaKnowledge-driven medicineClinical Data Intelligence (OncoCDI®) 

Solid Biopsy (OncoDEEP®)Liquid Biopsy (OncoSELECT®)Cancer Monitoring (OncoFOLLOW®)Molecular Residual Disease (MRD) 

About UsCertifications & AccreditationsTeamAwardsCareersIntegraGen subsidiary investors

Meet your recruitment targets and deadlines by granting treatment access to fully characterised patients 

	Many targeted clinical trials are not solely related to gene alterations but also depend on the expression of a specific protein, the presence of a novel mRNA transcript, the occurrence of a methylation event or the expression of a checkpoint inhibitor biomarker.

Hence, the best treatment options cannot be established by relying merely on DNA analysis. OncoDNA characterises patients by NGS and searches for specific SNVs, CNVs, indels and translocations. We also rely on molecular pathology tools to monitor the expression of specific receptors or biomarkers using IHC and by assessing methylation status.

This approach offers the highest chances to find a match between a patient looking for an effective treatment and a biopharma company recruiting patients for their trial.	

Meet your recruitment targets & deadlines by granting treatment access to fully characterised patients

More and more oncology clinical trials do not meet enrollment deadlines and sometimes fail to meet recruitment targets. The increase in the number of clinical trials and in the complexity of recruiting patients has made patient enrollment a crucial aspect of clinical trials in oncology. Thanks to its extensive oncology network and patient testing services, OncoDNA can bring together patients searching access to treatment and recruiting clinical trials. 

Reduce delays and costs

OncoDNA characterises patients from all over the world.
Access a pool of patients fully characterised to serve you R&D and clinical trials.

In some cases, the best or only treatment options left are compounds which are still under clinical development. 

Fast growing oncologist numbers

Some patients tested by OncoDNA are in desperate need to get access to these clinical trials.

Our job? To help patients and biopharmas with targeted recruitment.

Our program is driven by the fast-growing number of patients and oncologists using OncoDNA solutions. 

They trust our expertise 

	Aiding physicians to identify HRAS and other mutations in HNSCC is an essential element of Kura’s clinical development strategy. Streamlining screening processes facilitates timely access to important medical information that could help oncologists and their patients in making treatment decisions.	

M.D. PH.D ANTONIO GUALBERTOHead of Development and Chief Medical Officer, Kura Oncology - USA 

	The study met its predefined success criteria and has been amended to continue enrolling HRAS mutant HNSCC pts, as well as pts with SCC, other than HNSCC, with HRAS mutations into a new Cohort 3. (ESMO 22 october 2018)	

DR. ALAN L. HOOncologist, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center - USA 

OncoDNA is a theranostic and genomic company with renown expertise in precision oncology and genetic diseases. 

OncoDNA S.A. (headquarters)Rue Louis Breguet 1BE-6041 Gosselies

+32 (0) 71 18 35 00 

	©OncoDNA 2024. All rights reserved. VAT:BE0501631837	

	Made by Créatonit   Sitemap 

 Consent Management powered by Complianz | GDPR/CCPA Cookie Consent https://wordpress.org/plugins/complianz-gdpr 

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes

Manage consent
 Start of Async HubSpot Analytics Code 

 End of Async HubSpot Analytics Code 

 This website is like a Rocket, isn't it? Performance optimized by WP Rocket. Learn more: https://wp-rocket.me - Debug: cached@1712109564