End

Termsand Conditions | Medimaps

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v12.4 - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 This site uses the Google Analytics by MonsterInsights plugin v8.20.1 - Using Analytics tracking - https://www.monsterinsights.com/ 

 / Google Analytics by MonsterInsights 

[if lt IE 9]>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='vc_lte_ie9-css' href='https://www.medimapsgroup.com/wp-content/plugins/js_composer/assets/css/vc_lte_ie9.min.css?ver=6.0.3' media='screen' />

 Google Analytics snippet added by Site Kit 

 End Google Analytics snippet added by Site Kit 

 Google Tag Manager 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

skip to Main Content

Electronic Instructions for Use (e-IFU)
Request TBS iNsight™ User Manual as paper

Contact
Find Centers with TBS

Welcome. The website www.medimapsgroup.com, hereinafter the “website”, may be used for information purposes only. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the followingof Use, which together with our Privacy policy govern Medimaps Group’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions, please do not use this website.

These Terms and Conditions do not alter the terms and conditions of any other agreement you may have with Medimaps Group regarding other topics than this website.

These Terms and Conditions may change from time to time, so please check this page regularly. Your continued use of this website after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms and Conditions.

The term “Medimaps”, “Medimaps Group”, ” Medimaps Group SA”, or “we” or “us” refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 18 chemin des Aulx, CH-1228 Plan-les-Ouates (Geneva), Switzerland, +41 (0)22 884 86 44. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website. This website is hosted by OVH, 2 rue Kellermann, F-59100 Roubaix, France.

The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:

Terms and Conditions

Use of the website and content

The content of the pages of this website is provided “as is”, for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.

Neither Medimaps Group nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.

Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. All content available on this website has been verified. However, it shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements. As this is a global website, you should especially consider if the information provided is valid with regards to your own country’s rules, regulations and legal requirements.

This website contains copyrighted content and material. These may not be reproduced, republished, copied, reused, modified, displayed, posted, sold without prior permission from Medimaps Group. You may download specific material, provided that you keep all copyright notices intact or that you accompany it by an acknowledgement of Medimaps Group as the source.

All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to us, are acknowledged on the website and are the property of their respective owners. If you believe that your copyrighted material may have been improperly used on this website, please contact us.

Medimaps Group’s products and services referred to or published on this website are covered by either trademarks, patents, copyright or other proprietary right, or subject to trade secrets. Medimaps Group reserves such rights. You agree, by using this website, not to infringe upon any of them.

Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.

Availability of the website

Medimaps Group may change, discontinue, suspend or terminate any aspect of the website, including the availability of any features, at any time. We may remove, modify or otherwise change any content, including that of third parties, on this website.

Medimaps Group takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.

Use of cookies and personal data

See Medimaps Group’s Privacy policy.

Links to other websites

From time to time, this website may include links to other websites which are not under the control of Medimaps Group. Such links are provided for your convenience, to deliver further information. They do not signify that we recommend the website(s) or endorse the views expressed within them. We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s). You visit them at your own risk.

In no event will Medimaps Group be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website. It is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses and other elements which may damage or destroy your devices.

Applicable law: these Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of the Canton of Geneva, Switzerland and by Swiss federal law.
Competent jurisdiction: any dispute pertaining to these Terms and Conditions shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Geneva, Switzerland.

Copyright 2019 Medimaps Group.
All rights reserved.
Last modified: April 2019.

© Medimaps Group, 2024

Electronic Instructions for Use (e-IFU)
Request TBS iNsight™ User Manual as paper

Contact
Find Centers with TBS