Privacypolicy - 

[if lt IE 9]><script src="assets/html5shiv/js/html5shiv-printshiv.min.js"></script><![endif]

We take the topic of data protection very seriously. Here you will find important information regarding your personal data protection.

Application area and controller

This Data Protection Declaration informs you about the nature, scope and purpose of the collection and use of personal data on this website by the responsible controller:

Lars Spenger, CFO (Data Protection Officer)

Memo Therapeutics AG

Tel: +41 79 196 2665

Access data and server log files

We automatically collect and store information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. Access data include:

Name of accessed website

Data and time of access

Report about successful access

Browser type and version, user operating system

Referrer URL (URL referring to our website, e.g. Google search)

IP address and requesting provider

We use the log data only for statistical analyses for the purpose of the operation, the security and optimization of the service. However, we reserve the right to check the log data retroactively if there is a justified suspicion of unlawful use on the basis of concrete evidence.

Handling of personal data

Personal information is information that helps a person to be identified, i.e. information that can be traced back to a person. This includes name, email address or phone number. But also data about preferences, hobbies, memberships or which websites somebody has accessed are among personal data.

The personal data we process about you may include:

Your name and contact details (such as name, postal address, phone number or email address), and other basic information
Identification and background information provided by you or collected as part of our on-boarding process
Any other information relating to you which you may provide to us

Personal data are only collected, used and passed on by us if permissible by law, if we have legitimate interests or if users consent to the collection of data.

We process your personal data:

To communicate with you
To provide and improve our services to you
To provide and improve our websites

We respect the principle of earmarked data usage and collect, process and store your personal information only for the purposes for which you have provided us with it.

Who we share your personal data with

A transfer of your personal data to third parties will not take place without your explicit consent, unless this is necessary for providing the service or for implementing the contract.

Therefore may share your personal data with trusted third parties including:

Suppliers to whom we outsource certain support services

Accountants
Third parties engaged in the course of the services we provide to clients

Any transfer to government institutions and authorities entitled to receive information only occurs within the scope of the statutory information obligations or if a court decision obliges as to provide such information.

If relevant and necessary, we may transfer your personal data to some of our partners in the EU, which provide us with different services. We may also share your personal data with partners in the USA, where there is no adequate level of data protection as in Switzerland. If we transfer data to a country without adequate legal data protection, we ensure that there are appropriate safeguards to protect your personal data (namely based on the standard contractual clauses of the European Commission or on the legal basis of consent).

We will usually transfer your personal data to recipients abroad on the basis that such a transfer is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the data subject, for an agreement or performance of an agreement concluded in the interest of the data subject or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.

Protection of personal data

We have taken technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data from loss, destruction, manipulation and unauthorised access. Our security measures are being continuously reviewed and optimised in line with technological developments.

We also take company-internal privacy very seriously. We have bound our employees and our commissioned service companies to secrecy and to complying with all data protection regulations.When using a service on our website, your personal data will be transmitted to us. In order for those not to fall into the wrong hands, we encrypt them using the SSL method (Secure Socket Layer). The SSL method is currently the most common and secure data transmission method on the Internet.

How does the SSL method work?

The Secure Socket Layer (SSL) method protects data that a customer sends over the Internet to a company's server. SSL provides triple protection:

It ensures that a form is returned only to the server from which it was opened
It checks whether data reach their respective recipient in full and unaltered
SSL is used every time you see a small (usually green) lock on the bottom left of your browser's status bar

When contacting us via our contact form, user details will be stored for the purpose of processing the request as well as in the event that follow-up questions arise. We will not share these data without your consent.

If you would like to receive the newsletter provided on the website, we will need an email address from you, as well as information allowing us to verify that you are indeed the owner of the specified email address and that you agree to receive the newsletter (double opt-in). No further data are collected. We use these data exclusively for the transmission of the requested information and do not pass them on to third parties. You can revoke at any time your consent to storing your data and your email address as well as their use for sending the newsletter.

Retaining your personal data

We retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary for the purposes for which the data is collected, and as long as we have a legitimate interest in keeping personal data, for example to enforce or defend claims or for archiving purposes and IT security. We also retain your personal data as long as it is subject to a legal retention obligation.

Use of services and contents by third parties

It may happen that content by third parties, such as videos from YouTube, maps from Google Maps, RSS feeds or graphics from other websites are included as part of this online service. This always presupposes that the providers of these contents (hereinafter referred to as "third party providers") detect the users’ IP address. For without the IP address, they could not send the content to the browser of the respective user. The display of these contents therefore requires the IP address. We attempt to use only content whose respective providers use the IP address solely for content delivery. However, it is outside our sphere of influence whether third parties store the IP address for e.g. statistical purposes. Whenever we are aware of this, we will inform the users about it.

In order to make your visit to the website appealing and to enable the use of certain functions, the website uses so-called cookies on various pages. These are small text files stored on your device (for example, mobile phone, tablet, PC). Some of the used cookies are deleted following any given browser session, i.e. after closing your browser (so-called session cookies, such as ‘are you logged in?’). Other cookies remain on your device and make it possible to recognize your browser upon your next visit (so-called persistent cookies, such as the storage of your login data upon request). You can set your browser in such a way as to being informed about the placement of cookies and you can decide for yourself about their acceptance; or you can reject them by default. We hereby point out that the functionality and the comfort of use might be reduced when disabling cookies.

More information here: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050

Use of web fonts

These websites use external fonts, i.e. Google Fonts. Google Fonts is a service by Google Inc. ("Google"). The integration of these web fonts occurs via a server call, usually a Google server in the USA. This transmits to the server, which of our websites you have visited. Google also stores the IP address of the browser installed on the terminal of this website’s visitor. For more information, please see Google’s data protection information accessible here:

At any time and without indicating any reasons, you are entitled to receive free information about your data stored with us and to receive a copy of your personal data. You may at any time block, correct or delete your data collected by us and you may object to anonymised or pseudonymised data collection and storage for the purpose of optimising our website. You can also at any time revoke your granted consent to collecting and using data without providing us with any reasons. To do this, please contact: lars.spenger@memo-therapeutics.com. You may also lodge a complaint regarding our processing of your personal data to the local supervisory authority, in Switzerland to the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner.

We are at your disposal for any further questions regarding our data protection information and our processing of your personal data. Note that privacy policies and privacy practices, such as e.g. at Google, can continuously change. It is therefore advisable and necessary to continuously be aware of changes to statutory provisions and company practices, e.g. at Google.

Your trust is important to us. Therefore, we would like to be at your disposal regarding the processing of your personal data. Should you have any questions that this data protection declaration could not answer, please contact us via e-mail: lars.spenger@memo-therapeutics.com.

Our website uses cookies. By using and continuing to navigate through our website and its contents you accept these cookies.For details on the use of cookies and how to delete them, please read our data protection declaration. Mask out