html This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO plugin v17.3 - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ - Sulzer & Schmid Laboratories AG / Yoast SEO plugin. Leadfeeder End Leadfeeder Google Tag Manager End Google Tag Manager 
Terms of Use

Sulzer & Schmid Laboratories AG
Industriestrasse 9
8618 Oetwil am See

+41 55 508 17 15info@sulzerschmid.com
Agreement to the Terms of Use

By accessing and using our website, you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and Sulzer & Schmid Laboratories AG’s Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you should not access or use our website.

Sulzer & Schmid Laboratories AG or particularly mentioned holders have the exclusive copy rights as well as any proprietary rights concerning contents, pictures, photographs and other files on this website. Reproduction of any element requires a priory written permission of the copy right holder.

The author does not guarantee for correctness, accuracy, topicality, reliability and completeness of the provided Information.

Claims against the author for material or immaterial damages resulting from access or use, non-use respectively, of the published information, abuse of the internet connection or technical malfunctions are excluded.

All offers are non-binding proposals. The author explicitly reserves the right to change, amend or delete parts of the website or the entire offer or to temporarily or completely cease the publication of this website.

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Sulzer & Schmid Laboratories AG and its directors, officers, employees and agents from and against all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of the use of the website by you. Sulzer & Schmid Laboratories AG reserves the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification under this section. In such event, you shall provide Sulzer & Schmid Laboratories AG with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by Sulzer & Schmid Laboratories AG.

References and links to third party websites are out of the sphere of our influences. Liability and responsibility for the contents of those websites are excluded. The access and use of those websites take place at the user’s own risk.

Any and all disputes, claims and controversies arising out of or in connection with your access to, and/or use of our website, and/or the provision of content, services, and/or technology on or through our website shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws of Switzerland without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions.xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?3DX™ Blade PlatformCustomized SolutionsPartner with usBlog/NewsAbout UsOpen/close navigation3DX™ Blade PlatformCustomized SolutionsPartner with usBlog/NewsAbout Us Matomo End Matomo Code