html This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO plugin v17.3 - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ Expert in Drone Wind Turbine Inspections & Data Analytics | Sulzer Schmid / Yoast SEO plugin. Leadfeeder End Leadfeeder Google Tag Manager End Google Tag Manager 

Founded in 2016 by Sulzer and Schmid, Zurich-based Sulzer Schmid is at the forefront of innovation in the energy service sector. Recognizing the potential for unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) technology to redefine industrial grade inspections, the two entrepreneurs have developed an end-to-end technology platform that produces high-quality rotor blade inspection results with ease – precisely, repeatably, efficiently. 

The 3DX™ Blade Platform was deployed for Sulzer Schmid’s first fully autonomous UAV flight in 2018. To date, we have inspected wind turbines in more than 30 countries world wide using our 3DX™ technology and each inspection is underpinned by our commitment to the highest quality, efficiency, safety and groundbreaking use of technology. 

On paper, we are software developers, electronic engineers, entrepreneurs and operations, finance, marketing and sales experts. In reality, we are passionate problem solvers, inventors, makers, testers, code crackers, customer satisfaction managers and more. Our agile approach ensures close collaboration and helps us stay ahead of the curve. 

Tom 

MSc in Mechanical Engineering, ETH Zurich

A graduate of ETH Zurich, Tom got his start developing robotics and advanced control systems for factory automation. In the early ‘90s, a US-based multinational medical tech company came calling, and Tom crossed the pond to pursue an executive career. It wasn’t long before he was running a global division. He first stretched his entrepreneurial wings by launching and running a high-tech startup in Silicon Valley, which he later sold to a US private equity firm.

Upon returning to Switzerland, he founded a private equity boutique that focused on advanced medical technologies. Parallel to this, he also rediscovered his passion for engineering and robotics, and he set up a laboratory to experiment with novel control algorithms, embedded systems, and battery-powered machines and vehicles.

Christof 

One of Switzerland’s top minds in the personal mobility sector, Christof has pioneered the way people get from A to B. His finger-on-the-pulse mentality saw him reinvent the bicycle business years before the mountain bike trend caught on. From there, he launched a design business in Europe that was outsourced to the Far East, before going on to found a commercial and residential real estate company, which he still runs to this day.

An early adopter of UAV technology, Christof has played a key role in its development and widespread acceptance. UAV technology has been his fascination since 2005. In 2012, he joined the open source AutoQuad community (www.autoquad.org), where he has been actively helping to shape advancements in UAV technology. His achievements thus far include helping to develop advanced autopilots, and he has become a leader in designing and prototyping multi-copters and gimbals.

Master of Business Administration, Goethe University Frankfurt

With a CV that includes consulting at some of the world’s biggest firms, Rea’s expertise sees her bring unparalleled insight to her role in finance and investor relations at Sulzer Schmid. Before joining the team in 2017, Rea was Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer at Sonic Emotion, a leading company in 3D sound entertainment for consumer electronics and professional applications. She also spent five years at BBDO Consulting Group as a project manager in London and Frankfurt as well as several years as a consultant with Accenture.

Global Head of Sales & Marketing
Marc 
Global Head of Sales & Marketing

Marc has extensive experience in wind energy sector and is a passionate driver of digitalization for OEMs, wind farm operators and industry suppliers. He joined Sulzer Schmid from Siemens Gamesa where he worked for several years with the management team on strategy and competitive analysis. Before that he was responsible for the management of large OEM accounts in the wind industry, coordination, and management of Central European sales activities for GES Deutschland. He started his career in the construction machinery and building materials industries and graduated from the University of Maastricht.

MSc in Electrical Engineering, ETH Zurich

After graduating from ETH, Stefan embarked on an entrepreneurial career within the software development field. He joined the Sulzer Schmid team in 2016, where his main focus is on developing software interfaces and implementing communication protocols.

As Head of Operations, Michael is responsible for the complete process of HW preparation, training, and system maintenance. He works closely with the Campaign Management and the Blade Expert Team to ensure smooth operations across all our projects.

Michael brings with him a varied background in the electrical, process optimization and organizational management sectors. As a certified Lean Expert, he is adept at instilling efficiency and a culture of quality in companies with global operations.

Strategic & Special Projects
Ulrich 
Strategic & Special Projects

MSc in Electrical Engineering, ETH Zurich

MBA, Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University, Evanston/Chicago

Ulrich is our go-to business guy. With over 15 years’ experience in strategic business development, Ulrich has developed a strong track-record in the areas of market development and growth initiatives, all of which he brings to the table in his role working with strategic and special projects at SulzerSchmid. He has worked in the energy, information tech and service sectors, most recently within renewable energies where he focused on the expansion of the renewables production portfolio for a major Swiss power company.

Head of Business Management
Patrik
Master of Advanced Studies in Business Administration, ZHAW 

Patrik worked over 15 years in the financial industry. In his previous roles as a team sales manager or consultant, he understands client needs and ensures to find suitable solutions.

With his experience in project management, his leadership qualities and theoretical background he plays a vital role in the success of our operations. Through his coordination- & controlling-skills, he speeds up your project and makes sure your campaign will be a success.

PhD in Computational Physics, Helsinki University of Technology

A computational physicist with a background in mathematics, Joonas can create efficient algorithms to crunch just about any numbers to process, analyze and mine data. He obtained his PhD in computational physics from the Helsinki University of Technology in 2002 before going on to do a postdoc at ETH Zurich. Since leaving academia, Joonas has defined, refined and implemented everything from recommendation systems and music playlist functions to digital media recognition. He has designed and implemented concepts for ETL and predictive analytics processes as well as automated development of data-related processes. Our on-the-mark navigation algorithms come courtesy of Joonas, who joined our team in 2017.

Senior Full Stack Developer & Software Architect
Mario 
Senior Full Stack Developer & Software Architect

MSc in Geomatics Engineering, ETH Zurich

With a degree from ETH Zurich under his belt, Mario embarked on a career in software development in the late ’90s before heading Down Under. An application developer with a focus on .NET and C#. Mario has worked for some of the most forward-thinking companies in Switzerland and New Zealand, applying his savvy for software development and designing software architecture in fields such as aviation, IT consulting and renewable energies. Prior to joining Sulzer Schmid, he worked at LeapThought, an Auckland-based company that builds business technology applications and services, and Mercury, a renewables provider focusing on hydro and geothermal energy. He also spent many years at Swiss Air in web and front- and backend development. At Sulzer Schmid, he’s in charge of developing our software systems.

Senior Full Stack Developer
Flavio 
Senior Full Stack Developer

BSc in Electrical Engineering

After graduating in electrical engineering, Flavio spent several years programming embedded systems in industrial and medical environments. He has worked in both global companies and start-ups. Over the years he has acquired a broad knowledge in software development, especially in the area of .NET and C#. In the last years his focus was on testing (embedded) software and entire electromechanical systems. Before joining Sulzer Schmid, he was involved in a medtech start-up, where he developed software in a strictly regulated environment and achieved his degree of “Certified Professional for Medical Software”.

MSc in Management, Technologie and Economics, ETH Zurich

A graduate of ETH Zurich, Emre started his career in digitalization as an IT consultant in multiple industries such as Health, Finance and Manufacturing. Coordinating on-site and offshore development teams, he delivered major digital health apps for the Swiss market as well as risk analysis applications for a global insurance customer portal.

Since leaving consulting, Emre was working as a product owner for digital lending applications at a major Swiss bank, digitalizing credit decision and installation processes. At Sulzer Schmid he is mainly responsible for managing and further developing our Software as a Service products on the 3DX Blade Platform.

Elias 
MSc in Robotics, Systems and Control ETH Zürich

Elias Asikainen, a skilled holding an MSc in Robotics Systems and Control from ETH Zurich, initiated his journey with Sulzer Schmid in 2019 following his BSc in Mechanical Engineering. His internship focused on the development of an Android Flight App, showcasing his dedication to advancing drone operations. Throughout his master’s program, Elias seamlessly balanced academic pursuits with part-time contributions to the Smart Pilot semi-autonomous flight app. After his graduation in MSc Robotics Systems, and Control in October 2022, Elias assumed the pivotal role of Head of SmartPilot and AI Expert.

Software Developer
Florian 
MSc in Robotics, Systems and Control ETH Zürich

Florian Trautweiler, a brilliant Software Developer with an MSc in Robotics Systems and Control from ETH Zurich, embarked on his journey with Sulzer Schmid through an internship in 2019 after completing his BSc in Electrical Engineering. During this time, he delved into the world of Android Flight App development, and later seamlessly transitioned into part-time work during his master’s, contributing to the creation of the Smart Pilot semi-autonomous flight app. With his graduation in MSc Robotics, Systems, and Control in October 2022, Florian ascended to the role of Head of AI Projects and Android Expert.

Sales Director Northern Europe 
Brian 
Msc in Electronic Engineering

Brian is a Danish citizen living in Denmark. He has been working in the global wind industry for more than 25 years, both as owner of companies and as employee. He has a huge global network of key persons which he connected with during many years of active sales work. He has been selling different kind of components for turbines and recently had an installation company where they erected turbines mainly for Vestas in Europe. In the same company they also did Operation & Maintenance of wind turbines including a significant number of blade works, so his knowledge about blades, blade damages, operation of turbines and the technology behind is exceptional.

General Manager Latin America 
Boanerges 
Sales Director Latin America

Boanerges has worked in several industries during his carreer and has more than 20 years experience in Sales and Marketing positions. He joined Sulzer Schmid from Avanti Wind Systems where he was responsible for sales in the LATAM area for the last 5 years. He has a broad knowledge of the OEM, Operators and Wind Farm owners in LATAM and negotiated with most of them during this period, helping building a partnership between the companies. He has started his career in the steel industry and has graduated in Civil Engineering.

Sales Director Asia Pacific
Hiren
Sales Director Asia Pacific

With over fifteen years of expertise in aftermarket sales, distributor business development, and hands-on project management, Hiren is a valuable addition to our team. His passion for the renewable energy sector and innovative strategies led him to join Sulzer Schmid after serving as the Regional Manager at ONYX Insight in ANZ. Known for his ability to “get the job done,” Hiren holds a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering and a Masters in Project Management, along with extensive knowledge of project management methodologies and tools. As the primary point of contact for our key customers in the APAC region, Hiren plays a crucial role in nurturing these relationships.

Our Senior Account Manager Vicente has a proven ability to understand clients’ unique needs and find innovative solutions to help them achieve their goals.

With extensive experience in key account management, trade marketing, and customer service from his previous position at Procter&Gamble, his dedication to providing exceptional customer service is second to none, and he is committed to going above and beyond to ensure client satisfaction and making sure our customers get the most out of our inspection solutions and 3DX™ Blade Platform.

Kendra has contributed to commercial success in recruitment sales and market research for more than 20 years.  At Sulzer Schmid, her administration and account management experience is invaluable in assisting the sales and marketing team in daily operations.

Originally from Malaysia, Kendra has called Switzerland home since 2015. Her multi-cultural background offers several advantages, not the least of which being her facility with languages. Kendra speaks English, Malay, Mandarin, Cantonese, and conversational German.

Global Head of Marketing & Communication
Anna-Karin 
Global Head of Marketing & Communication

Master in Translation, Lund University, Sweden

An eye for detail and a passion for communication are enduring traits in Anna-Karin’s extensive Marketing career. Having previously worked for market-leading companies as diverse as Xerox, Nobel Biocare, and SR Technics, she brings to Sulzer & Schmid a wealth of experience and a determination to drive customer value.

With a Master’s degree in languages from Lund university and fluent in four languages, Anna-Karin’s skills have paved the way for an international career and seen her work in the UK, Switzerland, and her home country Sweden. Before joining Sulzer & Schmid, she was Global Marketing Manager at Dental Axess, an innovative provider of CAD/CAM solutions to dental professionals with offices in Australia, Canada, and Switzerland.

Hub & Operations Manager
Luis 
Hub & Operations Manager

Luis began his career as a Marine Engineer and later transitioned to work at Microsoft as a Senior Systems Engineer and also consulting for companies working on the UAV/drones field developing industrial solutions. The passion for unmanned vehicles began very early in life, started from the control line planes, and has been continued for almost 40 years, He is part of the ArduPilot Core Team. The knowledge of the real-life challenges that users face, when UAV/drones are used on mission-critical applications, helps to develop economical and trustworthy systems in various fields.

Operations & Project Manager
Agnieszka 
Msc in Management, Warsaw University

Agnieszka gained her experience by first working for the Polish Mint or Mostostal Warszawa (Acciona) and then successfully running her own consulting company in Switzerland.

At Sulzer& Schmid, she brings her organizational talent and multicultural experience combined with a good understanding of Eastern countries. With a Master’s degree in Management from the University of Warsaw, she is dedicated to planning, coordinating and tracking inspection campaigns with the parties involved.

As a person who values interpersonal contact, she plays a major role in building long-term relationships with clients.

Roberta is our skilled and experienced Project Manager in the Operations team, responsible for the planning, organizing and monitoring of wind turbine blade inspection campaigns globally. With a strong background in project and operations management in the tech sector, she brings a wealth of knowledge to her role.
Roberta’s excellent organizational skills and multi-lingual communication abilities make her an indispensable member of our team. She consistently goes above and beyond to deliver a great customer experience, making sure that our clients are always satisfied.

Senior Expert Blade Engineering
Piotr 
Senior Expert Blade Engineering

Piotr started in the wind turbine blade business in 2010 with LM Wind Power Blades. Developing skills and knowledge throughout the market from manufacturing, servicing, and R&D in blade terminology. Traveling around the globe as Lead Blade technician, Piotr has shown ability in adapting to changing environments, while rich experience from manufacturing to turbine service proven task-focused approach.

His key skill is the technical approach and hands-on the blade experience. Piotr’s wide area of interest and knowledge allows the understanding of root cause and methodology. His strong communication skills and friendly manner brings even the toughest challenge to completion.

Parallel to his work Piotr interests in material science and photography, bringing a new point of view to us.

Technical Specialist and Operator
Goran 
Technical Specialist and Operator

As a certified polymechanic, Goran had a lot of insights in different technical aspects. In addition, he has experience as a machine fitter and in electronic assembly. This leads to great knowledge in a wide spectrum and fits our needs in the Sulzer & Schmid laboratory when it comes to assemble, calibrate and test various technical parts, such as the 3DX gimbal systems. On top, he worked as a salesman in the insurance branche.

Hub Manager Poland and Drone Expert
Jakub
Hub Manager Poland and Drone Expert

Jakub, our Hub Manager in Poland, is an experienced drone pilot with a strong background in large OEM campaigns and special inspections. He joined our team after working as a freelance pilot for Sulzer Schmid for several years, bringing extensive knowledge and expertise to our company. As our best performing pilot, Jakub is solution-oriented and has a hands-on mentality, always ready to tackle complex hardware tasks. He is also a talented photographer and videographer, responsible for all our stunning visuals. With his problem-solving attitude and dedication to getting the job done, Jakub is a valuable asset to our team.

Holding an MSc in International Business and a BSc in Economics, Mathias began his career at a top accounting firm and later excelled at a leading reinsurance company in various finance roles.

With a deep passion for finance, Mathias brings valuable expertise to the team and continues to develop and improve our financial processes.

Office Management & Administration 
Nathalie 
MA English Philology, University Basel

A love for details and good organisation are characteristic traits of Nathalis’s work career. After graduating in English Philology she gained a lot of experience working as event and team manager for renowned cultural institutions such as Schauspielhaus Zürich and Zoo Zürich.  And thanks to running her own business over the last few years, Nathalie also brings along an entrepreneurial mindset.

At Sulzer & Schmid Nathalie is responsible for smooth office organisation as well as assisting tasks to the Chief Financial Officer.

Located just outside Zurich, Switzerland, our lab is a hive of activity. With collaboration at its core, this space is where our team develops, tinkers with and tests every one of our ideas, transforming them from a concept into pioneering products and services.

Want to make a difference? Enjoy working in a fast-paced atmosphere? If so, we want to meet you. Our team develops high-tech responses to challenges in the renewable energy space and thereby makes a contribution to carbon-neutral power production. How do we do this? We use outside-the-box thinking and a pragmatic approach, and we have fostered an open, ideas-driven environment with a flat hierarchy.

Looking for a new challenge? Bring your skills and creativity to our team!
HR Manager (f/m/d), 30 – 50%

Are you passionate about people and thrive in a dynamic, technology-driven environment? We are seeking…Apply now
.NET Developer Fullstack (.NET, C#), 80%-100%

Sulzer Schmid is an independent Swiss technology company and top innovator of next-generation UAV technology…Apply now

Sulzer Schmid | Industriestrasse 9 | 8618 Oetwil am See | Switzerlandinfo@sulzerschmid.com | +41 (0)55 508 17 15

Sulzer SchmidIndustriestrasse 9
8618 Oetwil am See
Switzerlandinfo@sulzerschmid.com+41 (0)55 508 17 15xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?3DX™ Blade PlatformCustomized SolutionsPartner with usBlog/NewsAbout UsOpen/close navigation3DX™ Blade PlatformCustomized SolutionsPartner with usBlog/NewsAbout Us Matomo End Matomo Code