- Memo Therapeutics AG

[if lt IE 9]><script src="assets/html5shiv/js/html5shiv-printshiv.min.js"></script><![endif]

People

Mr. Erik van den Berg

Dr. Gerald P. Parzmair

VP Technology and Operations

VP CMC & Supply Chain Management

Elias Papatheodorou, Independent Chairman 

Elias Papatheodorou has over 20 years of C-level experience in all aspects of pharmaceutical commercialization, including sales & marketing, business development, M&A, and operations. He has a proven track-record of managing clinical-stage organizations and preparing them for sale. He is currently the CEO of Genkyotex, which was sold to Calliditas Therapeutics, and was previously the CBO at Covagen, which was acquired by Janssen Pharmaceuticals.

Dr. Philippe Dro, Investor Representative

Dr. Philippe Dro serves a Partner at Adjuvant Capital. He is trained in industrial pharmacy and finance. He has built a successful career in the European biotech and medtech sectors, serving on the boards of several startup and scaleups, initiating and executing notable strategic transactions. His experience includes CEO of GlycoVaxyn, leading it through to its acquisition by GSK. Before that, he led Endoart as CEO through a successful turnaround leading to its acquisition by Allergan.

Dr. Veronica Gambillara Fonck, Investor Representative

Veronica Gambillara Fonck serves as Partner at Pureos Bioventures. She has been a founder CEO of GlycoEra, a Zurich-based company with a glycoengineering platform for novel antibodies in autoimmune diseases, oncology and neurology. She was also a co-founder and the CEO of LimmaTech Biologics, a spin-off of GlycoVaxyn to service GSK. Before that, Veronica was in the executive team of GlycoVaxyn developing innovative vaccines for infectious diseases. She was instrumental in the acquisition of the company by GSK in 2015. Veronica is a bioengineer with a PhD in life science from the EPFL Lausanne.

Dr. Robert Schier, Investor Representative

Robert Schier joined Swissanto Invest at Zürcher Kantonalbank in 2018 as Member of Senior Management, Investment Director PE/VC. He has many years' experience in the healthcare and life sciences sector with background in biotech and as investment director and/or partner in various venture capital firms, such as Inventages Venture Capital and Seventure Partners.Robert Schier holds a degree in pharmacy from the University of Vienna and a PhD in biotechnology from the University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences, Vienna. He received the Keystone Award for Excellence in Research for his outstanding doctoral thesis, which he completed at the University of California, San Francisco. Dr Schier then completed an executive MBA programme at the European University Munich and is the author of several scientific publications and patents.

Dr. Christian Schneider, Investor Representative

Dr. Christian Schneider serves as Managing Partner at Vesalius Biocapital. He has extensive work and investment experience in the areas of diagnostics, medtech and therapeutics. Before transitioning to venture capital, he held various positions in R&D at Boehringer Mannheim and Centocor. Christian holds a PhD in immunology from the University of Munich and an MBA from Penn State University.

Dr. Christoph Esslinger, CSO, Board Member 

Christoph Esslinger is the CSO and scientific founder of Memo Therapeutics AG and a pioneer of the discovery of therapeutic antibody candidates directly from human donors for immunotherapy of Alzheimer’s Disease and cancer. Prior to founding Memo Therapeutics AG he held senior positions at CT Atlantic AG, Neurimmune AG and in academia. Christoph Esslinger holds a diploma in Technical Biology from University of Stuttgart and a PhD in Molecular Immunology from the Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research, Lausanne Branch and University of Lausanne.

Scientific Advisory Board Members

Prof. Dr. Dr. h.c. Stefan Kaufmann

Stefan Kaufmann is an immunologist and microbiologist with focus on infection biology. He received his PhD at the University of Mainz in 1977 and his habilitation in immunology and microbiology at the Free University Berlin in 1981.Currently, he is director of the Department of Immunology at the Max Planck Institute for Infection Biology in Berlin, for which he served as founding director since 1993. Since 1998 he is also professor for immunology and microbiology at the Charité Berlin.

Prof. Dr. med. Bodo Plachter

Bodo Plachter is Professor of Medicine and Deputy Director of Virology at the University of Mainz.Research topics include analysis of virus host interaction with particular emphasis on innate host defense mechanisms, intracellular transport of viral proteins and particle assembly, and development of subviral Dense Bodies as a vaccine candidate against HCMV infection.

Dr. med. Michael Hodges

Michael Hodges is an experienced and successful pharmaceutical industry veteran. He is currently supporting a number of biotechnology companies and VCs in the role of drug development consultant, scientific advisor and/or non-executive board director.Michael Hodges was previously the CMO of Amplyx Pharmaceuticals, developing small molecule and monoclonal antibody drug treatments for life-threatening viral and fungal infections in immunocompromised patients. The company was acquired by Pfizer, Inc. Prior to Amplyx he was the CMO and head of drug development for Santaris A/S, developing RNA targeting drug treatments for chronic viral diseases, cancer, metabolic/lipid and eye diseases. The company was acquired by Hoffman-La Roche, AG.

Our website uses cookies. By using and continuing to navigate through our website and its contents you accept these cookies.For details on the use of cookies and how to delete them, please read our data protection declaration. Mask out