ThissiteisoptimizedwiththeYoastSEOPremiumpluginv0.8(YoastSEOv22.)-https:yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/

/YoastSEOPremiumplugin.

DONOTCOPYTHISSNIPPET!StartofPageAnalyticsTrackingforHubSpotWordPresspluginv1.0.28

DONOTCOPYTHISSNIPPET!EndofPage Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Power & Utilities
Mining, Metals & Minerals

Articles and Case Studies

Creating a Workforce of

ANYbotics is the leading provider of autonomous robotic solutions to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of industrial work

Enhancing Human Work, Enabling Sustainability
and Promoting Better Societies

Robot as a coworker

At ANYbotics, we believe in connecting the physical and digital world by teaming up humans and autonomous robots. We strive to empower businesses with cutting-edge robotics technology, leading to a future where robots and humans can collaborate seamlessly to achieve greater outcomes.

Robot as a coworker

At ANYbotics, we believe in connecting the physical and digital world by teaming up humans and autonomous robots. We strive to empower businesses with cutting-edge robotics technology, leading to a future where robots and humans can collaborate seamlessly to achieve greater outcomes.

We are driven by a passion for technological advancement and a desire to create a positive impact on society. Since 2009, our team pioneers robotics technology with the focus to deliver customer value through increased productivity, plant sustainability, and improved lives of workers.

, ANYbotics Co-Founder & CEO

We are driven by a passion for technological advancement and a desire to create a positive impact on society. Since 2009, our team pioneers robotics technology with the focus to deliver customer value through increased productivity, plant sustainably, and improved lives of workers.

Dr. Péter Fankhauser, ANYbotics Co-Founder & CEO

We create robotic solutions that add value to human work and take over the dull, dirty and dangerous jobs for which many economies struggle to get qualified staff. 

We assist our customers with their decarbonization, digitalization, automation, and safety goals, while reducing environmental impact.

We develop autonomous robots with the uncompromising purpose of industrial deployment. We support the industry’s statement against weaponizing robots.

14 Years of redefining
what robots can achieve

From the first prototype built at the ETH Zurich in 2009, the team has been passionate about pushing the limits of what robots can do, and how they transform the way industrial facilities are operated. ANYbotics was founded in 2016 to industrialize this technology.

A world-class team where great ideas succeed, innovation thrives, and growth is embraced.

Dr. Péter Fankhauser

	Péter is co-founder and CEO of ANYbotics. During the first years, he led the company’s business development and marketing activities. In his doctorate at ETH Zurich, Péter developed perception and motion planning algorithms for legged robots in challenging environments.	

	Fredrik is the CFO of ANYbotics and leads the finance, administration and HR activities. Fredrik holds a Double Master’s Degree from the University of St. Gallen and prior to joining ANYbotics spent five years doing M&A in one of Switzerland’s leading advisories.	

	Enzo is the CCO of ANYbotics and leads all marketing, sales and customer success. He holds a Double Master’s Degree from University of St. Gallen and spent the last decade in marketing, sales and business development for innovative solutions in the , Power Generation and Construction industry.	

	Martin leads the operations and supply chain activities at ANYbotics. He holds a B.Sc. (FH) in Mechanical Engineering, and an Executive MBA from University of St. Gallen. Martin gained several years of experience in supply chain, operations management, field service and maintenance in Aviation, Energy and Defence.	

	Robert leads the software engineering at ANYbotics. He holds a doctorate in biomedical engineering from ETH Zurich. Robert is experienced in scaling technology companies globally and brings expertise in product management, digital collaboration and high-performing (distributed) teams.	

Dr. Hanspeter Fässler
Chairman of the Board

	Hanspeter is a co-founder of ANYbotics and acts as chairman of the board. He completed the first PhD at ETH Zurich in 1989 and since then had an intense industrial career.	

Prof. Dr. Marco Hutter
Member of the Board

	Marco is Associate Professor at ETH Zurich, Branco Weiss Fellow, co-founder and Vice-Chairman of ANYbotics. His research interests are in the development of novel machines and actuation concepts together with the underlying control, planning, and learning algorithms for locomotion and manipulation.	

Alexander Schläpfer
Member of the Board

	Alexander is Partner at Swisscom Ventures. He holds a Masters in Finance from London Business School and became a VC in 2008, after working for 15 years in senior management positions in the power engineering industry.	

Young Sohn
Member of the Board

	Young is a Silicon Valley entrepreneur and Founding Managing partner of Walden Catalyst Ventures whose passion is building businesses and fostering emerging technologies that have the potential to transform the world for the better. Young serves as Chairman of the Board of HARMAN and Senior Advisor to Samsung Electronics.	

Christian Noske
Member of the Board

	Christian is a Partner at NGP Capital and has been on the board of many leading transportation companies and led investments in startups that are disrupting how consumers experience transportation products and services. Christian’s passion is to work closely with exceptional entrepreneurs and support dedicated teams to build global sustainable businesses.	

Prof. Dr. Roland Siegwart

	Roland is Professor for Autonomous Systems and Director of the Wyss Zurich at ETH Zurich. He is a recipient of the IEEE RAS Pioneer Award and one of the most cited researchers in robotics. His research interests are in ground and flying robots that can autonomously operate in challenging environments.	

Petrobras invests in robots to automate offshore inspections

Petrobras invests US$4 million in acquiring ANYbotics robots to enable greater efficiency and safety in maintenance routines. Petrobras will receive six X units in 2024.

 Closes the Remote Inspection Loop in 

"Aker BP, Cognite, and ANYbotics partner in pioneering offshore remote inspections with on the Valhall platform in the North Sea."

So will Outokumpu seine Werke sicherer machen

"Der Stahlhersteller Outokumpu testet in drei Werken den Einsatz von Laufrobotern. Sie sollen die Arbeitssicherheit und die Produktivität verbessern. Klappt das? PRODUKTION fragt nach."

ANYbotics Establishes Platform to Accelerate Robotic Inspection

"The 2023 ANYbotics Industry Forum, held in Zurich, Switzerland, on September 20 and 21, brought together 60 professionals from safety, inspection, maintenance, robotics, and innovation."

1
2
3

ANYmal

Oil & Gas

Power & Utilities
Mining, Metals & Minerals

Articles and Case Studies

Robotics

ANYmal
ANYmal X

Oil & Gas

Power & Utilities
Mining, Metals & Minerals

Articles and Case Studies

//

 Parsed with iubenda experimental class in 0.0293 sec.