This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO plugin v22.3 - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
 | Nagi Bioscience

 / Yoast SEO plugin. 
Privacy Policy | Nagi Bioscience

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Products & ServicesSydLab OneSydLab OneNagi Assay KitsSoftware SolutionsNagi Service SolutionsApplicationsEarly ToxicologyPre-clinical TestingAging ResearchTechnologyOrganism-on-ChipBiological ModelsNews & ResourcesNews & Blog#ResearchAlertEventsResourcesAboutAbout UsTeamTestimonialsSupportersCareersContact

Privacy Policy

We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.

Our website uses cookies. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.

(1) What information do we collect?

We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:

(a) information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation);

(b) information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services;

(c) information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters, or by responding to our questions or surveys;

(d) any other information that you choose to send to us;

A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.

We may use both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies on the website. We will use the session cookies to: keep track of you whilst you navigate the website. We will use the persistent cookies to: enable our website to recognise you when you visit.

Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.

We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. View Google’s privacy policy.

Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.  Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one.

(3) Using your personal information

Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website under the legal grounds of providing news of legitimate interest. We also gather information from editors openly available on the web where it has been specified that they are contacts for a publication in the news or content department. 

We may use your personal information to:

(a) administer the website;

(b) improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;

(c) enable your use of the services available on the website;

(d) send statements and invoices to you, and collect payments from you;

(e) communicate with previous and prospective clients regarding their business needs;

(f) send you general (non-marketing) commercial news communications;

(g) send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;

(h) send you news from our clients;

(i) provide third parties with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user;

(j) deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website;

We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.

We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy. For more information on our data sub-processors, please get in touch.

In addition, we may disclose your personal information:

(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;

(b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;

(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);

(d) to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling; and

(e) to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.

Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.

We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.

[We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email.]

You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information is free of charge but we may charge an administration fee should the requests be deemed repetitive, unfounded or excessive. We may withhold such personal information to the extent permitted by law.

We will not use your information for marketing purposes unless you have expressly agreed for us to do so. You may instruct us to limit the processing of or delete your personal information at any time.

(7) Third party websites

The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.

Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.

If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write to us by email to info@nagibio.ch or by post to:

Nagi Bioscience SA, EPFL Innovation Park, Building L, Chemin de la Dent d’Oche 1B, 1024 Ecublens, Switzerland