ThissiteisoptimizedwiththeYoast SEO plugin v22.3 - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
 - MedTrace US

 / Yoast SEO plugin. 

 HFCM by 99 Robots - Snippet # 3: Google Analytics 

 /end HFCM by 99 Robots 
 HFCM by 99 Robots - Snippet # 2: GDPR 

 /end HFCM by 99 Robots 

Core Values
Investors, Grants & Awards

P3

Core Values
Investors, Grants & Awards

A GMP compliant production and delivery system under development for 15O-water. 

We are developing a Point-of-Care GMP-compliant chemistry lab (P3) that combines the production of 15O-water with the infusion of the tracer into the patient – in one automated process. Connected to a cyclotron, the P3 converts the 15O-gas to 15O-water . A unique injection system delivers the tracer to the patient via venous catheter. P3 is currently not FDA approved nor CE-marked (medical device). 

Combined ShapeCreated with Sketch. 

	P3 in details - 1 min. video	

P3 has a height of approx. 60 in/150 cm. 

P3 can be operated from the machine itself or in the control room. 

P3 is shielded with 2 in/5 cm of lead. 

A full cardiac examination consisting of both a rest and stress scan with two identical doses can be completed within 30 minutes. 

Due to the short half-life of only 122 seconds, the patient can stay on the scanner bed between scans removing the hassle of repositioning.

The P3 (A) is placed next to a PET-CT scanner (B) and connected to an onsite cyclotron (C). Both proton and deuteron cyclotrons are applicable. The cyclotron can be placed up to 1,600 feet/500 meters away from the PET scanner. 

Four easy steps to 15O-water PET scanning. 

Once the patient and the PET scanner (B) are ready, the P3 (A) will call for 15O- gas from the connected cyclotron. 

The P3 will convert the 15O-gas (C) into 15O-water under GMP conditions, prepare the desired dose, and inject it into the patient in one automated process. Dose turnaround time can be less than 4 minutes. 

For cardiology, the procedure is repeated after a stress agent is injected. Due to the short half-life of 15O-water, the repeat scan can start only 10 minutes after the initial scan has started. 

Once the scan procedure is completed, the aQuant software can analyze the image data and provide the physician (D) with absolute cardiac flow values per cardiac segment and the cardiac ejection fraction. 

Read more about aQuant here