Sustainability|SHLMedical

InOneSEOPack3.6.2ob_start_detected[-1,-1]

InOne SEO Pack 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

SHL at a glance 

- Patient Health and Independence 

- 

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Ecological Footprint
Patient Health and Independence

All

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Responsible Business Practices
Ecological Footprint
Patient Health and Independence

All

 <a href="javascript:;" class="_menu"><svg class="icon icon-search"><use xlink:href="#icon-search"></use></svg></a> 

Search

 <a class="language_zh" target="_blank" href="http://zh.shl.group/">中文</a> 

SUSTAINABILITY AT SHL MEDICAL 

Taking bold action towards a sustainable future

At SHL Medical, our commitment to sustainability is deeply ingrained in every facet of our operations. Through our dedication to innovation and technological advancement, we enable patients’ independence. We hold steadfast in our pursuit of long-term sustainable business practices, recognizing that our responsibility extends beyond the immediate horizon. Through deliberate and strategic efforts, we champion initiatives that actively diminish our ecological footprint and create lasting value for society. 

SUSTAINABILITY AT SHL MEDICAL 

Taking bold action towards a sustainable future

At SHL Medical, our commitment to sustainability is deeply ingrained in every facet of our operations. Through our dedication to innovation and technological advancement, we enable patients’ independence and help people manage their health journeys. We hold steadfast in our pursuit of long-term sustainable business practices, recognizing that our responsibility extends beyond the immediate horizon. Through deliberate and strategic efforts, we champion initiatives that actively diminish our ecological footprint and create lasting value for society 

Turning vision into action: Our Sustainability Strategy 

Our Sustainability Strategy for 2030 encompasses a triad of dimensions, each further articulated into subdimensions. This structure culminates in a coherent framework of material topics that seamlessly pave the way for concrete objectives and action items completed until 2030. 

WE ARE DRIVING PATIENT HEALTH AND INDEPENDENCE 

By 2030, we will expand our portfolio with innovative and pioneering devices to improve patient outcomes and independence. 

WE ARE REDUCING THE ECOLOGICAL FOOTPRINT 

	By 2030, we will significantly reduce GHG emissions, introducing circular principles and reduce

WE ARE ENSURING RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICES​ 

By 2030, we will manifest a sustainable businessfoundation for our people and supply chain. 

Leading the way: Our Confirmed Near-Term Targets  

The Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) has approved SHL Medical’s near-term science-based emissions reduction target. As part of our sustainability strategy,  we commit to reducing absolute direct (Scope 1) and indirect (scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions by 42% by 2030 from a 2022 base year. we commit to reducing our indirect (scope 3) greenhouse gas emissions by at least 51.6% per Mio. units sold by 2030 from a 2022 base year.   

	SHL Medical achieves EcoVadis® Silver Medal and sets ambitious science-based climate targets	

The Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) has approved SHL Medical’s near-term science-based emissions reduction target, underlining the company’s dedication to remaining transparent and accoun throughout its entire sustainability journey.  

	SHL Medical’s climate targets officially approved by Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi)	

The Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) has approved SHL Medical’s near-term science-based emissions reduction target, underlining the company’s dedication to remaining transparent and accountable throughout its entire sustainability journey.  

	SHL Medical AG joins UN Global Compact for Sustainability	

SHL Medical AG reinforces its commitment to sustainability and responsible corporate governance by officially joining the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC).

READ ALL SUSTAINABILITY RELATED NEWS

Supplier Code of Conduct

search

table

Your browser is out-of-date!

Update your browser to view this website correctly. Update