MarkusPuuseppappointedChiefGrowthOfficer|SHLMedical

InOneSEOPack3.6.2ob_start_detected[-1,-1]

In One SEO Pack 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

SHL at a glance 

- Patient Health and Independence 

- 

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Ecological Footprint
Patient Health and Independence

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Responsible Business Practices
Ecological Footprint
Patient Health and Independence

 <a href="javascript:;" class="_menu"><svg class="icon icon-search"><use xlink:href="#icon-search"></use></svg></a> 

Search

 <a class="language_zh" target="_blank" href="http://zh.shl.group/">中文</a> 

All

All

 Breadcrumb NavXT 6.3.0 
Home / News /  / Markus Puusepp appointed Chief Growth Officer 

Markus Puusepp appointed Chief Growth Officer

, a world-leading provider of advanced drug delivery solutions, is pleased to announce the appointment of Markus Puusepp as Chief Growth Officer (CGO). As CGO, Puusepp will be responsible for accelerating the company’s growth with a focus on innovation and customer experience. 

Puusepp, who initially joined in 2017 as Director of Corporate Ventures, has played a pivotal role in shaping the company’s strategic vision as the Chief Strategy Officer (CSO) since 2020. In his new position, Puusepp will lead SHL Medical’s commercial strategic direction with a primary focus on developing cutting-edge customer services and solutions. These advancements aim to revolutionize the customer experience and strengthen the company’s competitive advantage. 

“We are thrilled to have Markus Puusepp assume the role of Chief Growth Officer at SHL Medical,” said SHL Medical CEO Ulrich Faessler. “With his proven track record and deep understanding of our business, Markus is the ideal person to lead our global growth organization.” 

“This is an exciting time for our company, as we navigate through remarkable growth and explore new markets,” said Puusepp. “I am committed to leveraging our expertise and collaborating with our talented teams to solidify our position as a global leader in drug delivery solutions.” 

Puusepp’s appointment arrives at a crucial juncture in SHL Medical’s evolution, marked by significant growth in sales and production expansion as well as the emergence of new customer segments in the biopharmaceutical industry. The company is also venturing into new markets, making the addition of the Chief Growth Officer essential. The creation of this pivotal role not only highlights SHL Medical’s dedication to driving growth, but also reaffirms the company’s steadfast commitment to placing our customers at the forefront of our endeavors. 

As a world-leading solutions provider of advanced drug delivery systems, SHL Medical is the partner of choice for many leading pharma and biotech companies. Driven by our company purpose – Enabling Patients’ Independence – we offer patient-centric solutions for the design, development, and manufacturing of autoinjectors, pen injectors, as well as innovative specialty delivery systems for large-volume and high-viscosity formulations. We also offer final assembly, labeling, and packaging solutions for our drug delivery systems.  ​

In response to the rising trend in home therapy, SHL has increased developmental work in the digital healthcare sector to help improve the drug delivery ecosystem. ​

Located across Switzerland, Taiwan, Sweden, and the US, our global team of experts collaborate seamlessly as one team in utilizing our comprehensive in-house manufacturing capabilities. Our solutions offer customization and optimization for each project while proactively weaving sustainability-driven measures into our designs and processes to contribute to a cleaner earth.​

For additional information, visit www.shl-medical.com

SHL Latest News
ten23 health® and SHL Medical announce a strategic partnership agreement for integrated servicesSHL Medical returns to CPHI Japan 2024SHL Medical joins DCAT Week 2024SHL Medical partners with SteriPack Group to set up final assembly serviceSHL Medical exhibits at SCbio 2024SHL Medical further strengthens vertical capabilities with the acquisition of US manufacturer Superior Tooling Inc.FUJIFILM Diosynth Biotechnologies and SHL Medical enter strategic partnership agreement to help meet growing market demand for autoinjector medicinesSHL Medical kicks off 2024 with participation in Pharmapack EuropeSHL wins big in continuous improvementAchieving low-carbon-emission medical devicesSHL Medical achieves EcoVadis® Silver Medal and sets ambitious science-based climate targetsSHL Medical’s climate targets officially approved by Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) 

SHL Medical

ten23 health® and SHL Medical announce a strategic partnership agreement for integrated services 

ten23 health®, a leading Swiss Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) for sterile drugs, and SHL Medical, a world-leading provider of drug delivery devices, today announced their strategic partnership.

SHL Medical

SHL Medical partners with SteriPack Group to set up final assembly service 

SHL Medical, a world-leading solutions provider of advanced drug delivery systems and SteriPack Group, renowned global supplier of secondary packing and final assembly services to the pharmaceutical industry, enter a non-exclusive strategic partnership.

SHL Medical

SHL Medical further strengthens vertical capabilities with the acquisition of US manufacturer Superior Tooling Inc. 

Continuing its ambitious growth journey, SHL Medical has acquired Superior Tooling Inc., a US-based manufacturing company specializing in plastic injection molds.

search

Your browser is out-of-date!

Update your browser to view this website correctly. Update