SHLMedicalacquiresLCAAutomation|SHLMedical

InOneSEOPack3.6.2ob_start_detected[-1,-1]

InOne SEO Pack 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

SHL at a glance 

- Patient Health and Independence 

- 

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Ecological Footprint
Patient Health and Independence

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Responsible Business Practices
Ecological Footprint
Patient Health and Independence

 <a href="javascript:;" class="_menu"><svg class="icon icon-search"><use xlink:href="#icon-search"></use></svg></a> 

Search

 <a class="language_zh" target="_blank" href="http://zh.shl.group/">中文</a> 

All

All

 Breadcrumb NavXT 6.3.0 
Home/ News /  /  acquires 100% of the shares in Swiss company LCA Automation 

 acquires 100% of the shares in Swiss company LCA Automation
SHL Medical acquires LCA Automation

SHL Medical announces the acquisition of LCA Automation AG, a Swiss innovative automation solutions provider. The acquisition is SHL Medical’s response to the growing market demand for drug delivery solutions and will support its manufacturing operations globally, especially the upcoming Swiss manufacturing site in Zug.  

SHL Medical, a world-leading provider of advanced drug delivery solutions headquartered in Zug, announced the acquisition of Swiss-based LCA Automation, a leading provider of innovative automation solutions, as well as its subsidiaries in Mexico and China, effective June 29, 2023. 

The acquisition of LCA Automation is part of SHL Medical’s ongoing strategy to respond to the exponentially growing market demand, expand its global presence, and further strengthen SHL Medical’s vertical capabilities globally. SHL Medical and LCA Automation have a strong track record of excellence in automation. The combination of their expertise and long-standing experience in different industries allows SHL Medical to increase its automation capacity in Europe further and leverage synergies to offer customers more efficient solutions along the value chain that include faster timelines and shorter supply chains.  

Extension of strengths for customers 

Acquiring LCA Automation will support SHL Medical’s manufacturing operations globally, especially in providing automation expertise as well as tool maintenance and metal manufacturing for the Swiss manufacturing site that is currently under construction. This local extension of strengths in the automation field further increases high-speed and large-scale manufacturing. With the acquisition of LCA Automation, SHL is also reasserting one of its distinctive features in terms of complete in-house manufacturing. By operating as a comprehensive service provider, customers benefit from more flexibility along the whole production value chain. 

“We are excited to welcome LCA Automation to the SHL family”, says Ulrich Faessler, CEO of SHL Medical. “LCA Automation’s expertise in automation and manufacturing solutions will complement our existing capabilities and enable us to offer a more comprehensive range of services to our customers and accelerate innovation.” 

Chris Rennhard, CEO of LCA Automation, adds: “SHL Medical and LCA Automation joining forces in production process technology and equipment manufacturing is a great benefit to the customers. The resulting high-level factory automation technology will enable the shortest timelines to fulfill market demands, while maintaining in-house process control and quality monitoring.” 

LCA Automation is a leading provider of automation solutions for industrial processes. With over 50 years of experience, LCA Automation specializes in designing and manufacturing customized solutions for our clients in a variety of industries, including automotive, electronics, and pharmaceuticals. Headquartered in Switzerland with subsidiaries in Mexico and China, LCA Automation’s team of experts offers experience in designing, building, and implementing automation systems helping their customers to improve efficiency, reduce costs, and enhance their overall productivity. 

As a world-leading solutions provider of advanced drug delivery systems, SHL Medical is the partner of choice for many leading pharma and biotech companies. Driven by our company purpose – Enabling Patients’ Independence – we offer patient-centric solutions for the design, development, and manufacturing of autoinjectors, pen injectors, as well as innovative specialty delivery systems for large-volume and high-viscosity formulations. We also offer final assembly, labeling, and packaging solutions for our drug delivery systems.  ​

In response to the rising trend in home therapy, SHL has increased developmental work in the digital healthcare sector to help improve the drug delivery ecosystem. ​

Located across Switzerland, Taiwan, Sweden, and the US, our global team of experts collaborate seamlessly as one team in utilizing our comprehensive in-house manufacturing capabilities. Our solutions offer customization and optimization for each project while proactively weaving sustainability-driven measures into our designs and processes to contribute to a cleaner earth.​

For additional information, visit www.shl-medical.com

SHL Latest News
ten23 health® and SHL Medical announce a strategic partnership agreement for integrated servicesSHL Medical returns to CPHI Japan 2024SHL Medical joins DCAT Week 2024SHL Medical partners with SteriPack Group to set up final assembly serviceSHL Medical exhibits at SCbio 2024SHL Medical further strengthens vertical capabilities with the acquisition of US manufacturer Superior Tooling Inc.FUJIFILM Diosynth Biotechnologies and SHL Medical enter strategic partnership agreement to help meet growing market demand for autoinjector medicinesSHL Medical kicks off 2024 with participation in Pharmapack EuropeSHL wins big in continuous improvementAchieving low-carbon-emission medical devicesSHL Medical achieves EcoVadis® Silver Medal and sets ambitious science-based climate targetsSHL Medical’s climate targets officially approved by Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) 

SHL Medical

ten23 health® and SHL Medical announce a strategic partnership agreement for integrated services 

ten23 health®, a leading Swiss Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) for sterile drugs, and SHL Medical, a world-leading provider of drug delivery devices, today announced their strategic partnership.

SHL Medical

SHL Medical partners with SteriPack Group to set up final assembly service 

SHL Medical, a world-leading solutions provider of advanced drug delivery systems and SteriPack Group, renowned global supplier of secondary packing and final assembly services to the pharmaceutical industry, enter a non-exclusive strategic partnership.

SHL Medical

SHL Medical further strengthens vertical capabilities with the acquisition of US manufacturer Superior Tooling Inc. 

Continuing its ambitious growth journey, SHL Medical has acquired Superior Tooling Inc., a US-based manufacturing company specializing in plastic injection molds.

search

Your browser is out-of-date!

Update your browser to view this website correctly. Update