ConnectedAutoinjectorSolution|SHLMedical|SHLMedical

InOneSEOPack3.6.2ob_start_detected[-1,-1]

InOneSEOPack

EndGoogleTagManager

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

SHL at a glance 

-Health and Independence 

- 

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Ecological Footprint
 Health and Independence

All

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Responsible Business Practices
Ecological Footprint
Patient Health and Independence

All

 <a href="javascript:;" class="_menu"><svg class="icon icon-search"><use xlink:href="#icon-search"></use></svg></a> 

Search

 <a class="language_zh" target="_blank" href="http://zh.shl.group/">中文</a> 

 Breadcrumb NavXT 6.3.0 
Home / Digital Health / Molly Connected Cap 

Make Every PatientPrescription Count

80% of s are open to digital health services*

Let’s support their journey!

Be at the forefront of the digital health evolution 

An irreversible shift in home-based medicines is underway. Thanks to their safety, simplicity, and ease of use, autoinjectors have empowered patients to administer essential therapies in the comfort of their own homes.

Today, digital connectivity for autoinjectors has been seen as the future for improving patient engagement and treatment outcomes. With patients at the heart of its innovation, SHL Medical paves the pathway towards better treatment journey through the utilization of data. 

Experience the added value connectivity brings to at-home treatments 

Patient

Injection

Make Every Injection Count

with remote adherence monitoring

Streamline therapy management via automated tracking of patient use in real time. With every injection recorded, you can now gain real-world insight for remote patient monitoring that highlights adherence patterns to optimize treatment support.

The Molly® Connected Cap autoinjector detects cap removal through a mechanical sensor and utilizes wireless communication via Bluetooth® Low Energy (BLE) beacon protocol to transfer data, which can support patients and care providers to better control the treatment regiments.  

The Molly® Connected Cap autoinjector detects cap removal through a mechanical sensor and utilizes wireless communication via Bluetooth® Low Energy (BLE) beacon protocol to transfer data, which can support patients and care providers to better control the treatment regiments. 

Engagement

Make Every Engagement Count 

with personalized patient programs

Empower your patients with tailored engagement strategies based on data, such as injection frequency and timing. This personalized approach enables targeted education and interventions, fostering heightened awareness, greater acceptance, and improved adherence among patients.

The Molly® Connected Cap autoinjector captures data that enable healthcare providers (HCPs) to review patients’ injection histories, including identification of any deviations or missed doses, as well as to provide timely support or adjustments to patients’ treatment plans. 

Data collected by the Molly® Connected Cap autoinjector enables healthcare providers to review patients’ injection histories, including identifying any deviations or missed doses, as well as provide timely support or adjustments to patients’ treatment plans.

Patient

Make Every Patient Count

with decentralized clinical trials 

Optimize your clinical trials through remote patient monitoring. Built with integrated connectivity, connected autoinjectors present a unique opportunity to effectively corroborate the safety and efficacy of your self-injection treatment in real-world setting with optimal costs.

The Molly® Connected Cap autoinjector is designed to be compatible with various IoT systems, further supporting the collection of treatment-related data over a period of time. Combined with other patient-related data, it can support active disease surveillance in clinical trial settings. 

The Molly® Connected Cap autoinjector facilitates the aggregation of clinical data for active disease surveillance. Its user-friendly design is compatible with various IoT systems, further supporting the collection of treatment-related data in real-time.

Make Every Prescription Count 

with value-based reimbursement strategies

Leverage data to assess your reimbursement strategies – whether it’s outcome-based payment or pay-for-performance. Through integration with disease management systems, connected devices enable dynamic and value-based pricing strategies.

Data captured by the Molly® Connected Cap autoinjector can support the implementation of patient-centric reimbursement models that focus on the effectiveness of treatments received and the quality of care delivered. 

Data captured by the Molly® Connected Cap autoinjector can support the implementation of patient-centric reimbursement models that focus on the effectiveness of treatments received and the quality of care delivered.

The Molly® you know, just got smarter! 

Harness the power of digital with Molly® Connected Cap 

Single-use retrofit solution for introducing connectivity to a new or existing Molly autoinjector 

Same easy-to-use autoinjector for seamless transition into connected variation without additional patient or HCP training 

Harness the power of digital with Molly® Connected Cap 

Flexible assembly options for faster development and seamless clinical and commercial delivery 

Integrable into any digital ecosystem for generation of data and actionable insights with or without pre-established apps 

Designed to support return-refurbish-recycle programs, facilitating circularity for a more sustainable future 

Dynamic collaboration for pre-clinical, clinical, and commercial stages via SHL Medical’s Innovation Partnership program 

Want to learn more? 

Molly® Connected Cap product page

Slide

Molly® modular platform autoinjector

Collaborative innovation in connected autoinjectors 

Meeting an unmet pharma need 

Molly® Connected Cap product page 

The Bluetooth® word marks and logos are registered trademarks of Bluetooth SIG, Inc. This website includes forward-looking information that may be subject to change. Customized designs are for reference only. Final product specifications are subject to change based on customer requirements and SHL Medical’s offering. 

user

search

table

Your browser is out-of-date!

Update your browser to view this website correctly. Update