SHLMedicalataglance|SHLMedical

InOneSEOPack3.6.2ob_start_detected[-1,-1]

InOneSEO Pack 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

SHL at a glance 

- Patient Health and Independence 

-

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Ecological Footprint
Patient Health and Independence

All

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Responsible Business Practices
Ecological Footprint
Patient Health and Independence

All

 <a href="javascript:;" class="_menu"><svg class="icon icon-search"><use xlink:href="#icon-search"></use></svg></a> 

Search

 <a class="language_zh" target="_blank" href="http://zh.shl.group/">中文</a> 

 Breadcrumb NavXT 6.3.0 
Home/About us 

Our History
Get to know SHL

SHL at a glance 

SHL Medical is a world-leading solutions provider in the design, development, and manufacturing of advanced delivery devices such as autoinjectors, pen injectors, and innovative specialty delivery systems for large-volume and high-viscosity formulations.

We also offer design-to-build and contract manufacturing services for products such as laboratory handling equipment, neurosurgical devices, and industrial equipment.

By integrating our experienced development teams with efficient manufacturing and a skilled workforce, we have developed a successful business model that allows us to provide comprehensive solutions for demanding requirements of the industry. 

Our Purpose - Enabling Patients' Independence

At SHL, we believe that people living with chronic conditions should be defined not by their diseases, but by the everyday experiences that shape the core of their identities. That is why we partner with pharma companies to develop advanced drug delivery systems that help enhance the self-injection experience. This is how we enable patients’ independence.

Our products make a real difference to people’s lives all over the world, and we value the people who make this possible. 

SHL is a purpose driven company and our values guides us in our operational and strategic work. Our values are: 

Focus on CustomerOperate with Ethics and IntegrityDrive SimplicityLearn and ImproveDeliver Together 

Together with our strategy and our transformative agenda, they help us fulfil our company purpose. 

We have dedicated years of expertise, commitment, and resources to developing world-class healthcare solutions that empower people. 

We believe in delivering quality, innovation, and leadership for all stakeholders in the industries we serve. 

We will continue being pioneers in everything we do, with a focus on constant growth and improvement of our people, our services, and our potential. 

SHL has always been dedicated to a global outlook, transgressing language barriers and time zones. We combine the best talent, knowledge, and practices from all over the world to offer first-in-class design, manufacturing, assembly, and final assembly solutions for our clients globally. 

Corporate headquarters for SHL Medical

Design, development, and manufacturing for SHL Medical and 

Design and development of products for SHL Medical

Design, development, final assembly, packaging, and labeling for SHL Medical 

SHL Group established by Swedishentrepreneurs RogerSamuelsson and Martin Jelf

Launch of first autoinjector

20042004Established design centers
in Sweden & USA

Completed 25,000m2
manufacturing site in Taiwan –

Acquired Pertinax (now known
as SHL Healthcare) and founded
SHL Technologies

Became recognized leader inthe global autoinjector market

Continued investment in ourown IP & increased number ofregistered patents

DAI®autoinjector wins TaiwanExcellence Awards

Signed Letter of Intent to invest100 Million USD in Taiwan withMinistry of Economic Affairs(MOEA)

Strengthened customer basewith majority of world’s leadingpharmaceutical and biotechcompanies

Completed 10,000m2manufacturing site in Shen-Zhen – SZ1

SHL Group 20thAnniversary

Awarded Red Dot ProductDesign for Precision PenInjector (PPI®) device

Launched Molly®, SHL’s first

Established final assembly, 
labeling, and packaging servicesin US site

Reached 2,500 employees worldwide

Signed second LOI to invest 40million USD in Taiwan withMinistry of Economic Affairs

Launched TruePurpose line forpressure care mattress systems

Began production of CIGS solar cell manufacturing equipment

First patient treated with newversion of precisionneurosurgical accessory

Established SHL Medicalheadquarters in Zug, Switzerland

Completed brand-new63,220m2 Liufu office space andmanufacturing facility in Taiwan

SHL Group 30thAnniversary

Autoinjector designed by SHLwins Medical Design Excellence Awards

SHL partner Innovation Zed forges first commercial partnership to commercialize InsulCheck Connect

Acquired Weibel CDS, expanding portfolio into higher-volume drug delivery systems

Designed by SHL, InsulCheck CONNECT by Innovation Zed wins 2021 Good Design Award

Get to know SHL 

SHL combines world-class manufacturing in Asia with global design visions and the strengths of Western management practices to offer our clients first in class products and services.

A strategic global presence allows us to maintain close contact with our customers while ensuring streamlined management and communication throughout the project timeline. Our design centers in Switzerland, Sweden, Taiwan, and the US focus on designing and developing innovative products, and our state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities in Taiwan and the US utilize an ISO 13485-certified quality system to manufacture and assemble them. 

	Learn more about what we do in SHL	

search

Your browser is out-of-date!

Update your browser to view this website correctly. Update