EndGoogle Tag Manager 

 Start VWO Common Smartcode 

 End VWO Common Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Your Employee Lifecycle Management System for engaged employees

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Engage and Retain Your Workforce with an Employee Lifecycle Management System

Create a connected employee experience for every worker and manager

Close the gaps between onboarding and offboarding with an employee app that’s made for deskless workers and HR teams.

Keep talent happy, engaged, and productive from hire to retire
Cut admin tasks in half by automating HR processes

Trusted by 1.000+ companies

Let’s chat about how to optimize your employee lifecycle!

Top rated frontline success system

 Simon Kennedy, Chief Digital Officer at Foodstuffs

“We can take a lot of the goodness that’s in our culture and ramp up those conversations to the power of ten. Beekeeper has helped us to remove complexity, communicate clearly, and make everything easier to find!”

» Check out Webinar 

Your browser does not support the video tag.

An Employee Lifecycle Management Solution for your deskless workforce
Turn your employee experience from a maze to a map
Save time on repetitive tasks by automating the delivery of personalized messages, training materials, onboarding to-do’s, and more.

Prevent early quitting and paperwork nightmares. Get employees up and running fast.

Prepare new hires for their start date and send a warm welcome
Speed up onboarding with digital tasks, learning paths and video tutorials
Streamline data collection and integrate with existing tools

Learn more about onboarding

Try free onboarding template

Don’t let talent go to waste. Boost retention and upskill your workforce.

Manage safety trainings and compliance records
Ensure knowledge retention with a quiz
Promote constructive feedback
Identify future managers and leaders

Sign up for free trial

Stop turnover before it happens and increase employee satisfaction.

Foster a culture of recognition
Show appreciation and boost morale
Distribute rewards to top performers
Check in with employees and conduct stay interviews

Build your own program

Cut recruitment costs and fill open roles. Hire high-quality candidates fast.

Share referral guidelines and incentives on mobile
Notify workers about new job openings
Track referral program performance with analytics

Grow your talent pipeline

Improve employee lifecycle across hospitality, manufacturing, construction, healthcare, retail and more!
Connecting HR teams to their deskless workers and managers

workers onboarded in weeks

pieces of paper saved pw

Bring your entire frontline workforce together in one employee app
The only employee lifecycle solution built for your needs

For HR
Free yourself from admin work so you can focus on your people. Build a strong, unified culture and brand that everyone wants to be a part of.

For IT
Consolidate your tech stack with one platform for your frontline teams with out-of-the-box integrations. Enjoy industry-leading adoption rates and control over your data.

For Operations
Produce better output by keeping skilled workers in their jobs. Drive efficiencies across the organization through automation and task management.

Where Beekeeper fits into the frontline employee experience tech stack
Maximize your investment in existing HR and IT systems 

HRIS

Safety Training and Skill Development

Safety Training and Skill Development

Safety Training and Skill Development

	Safety Training and Skill Development

“We recently implemented a digital onboarding process in Pike ToGo [Beekeeper], to reduce paperwork and streamline the orientation process. This saves us about 8,400 pieces of paper each week!”

Melissa StevensHuman Resources Generalist

“To date, we have promoted 107 field leaders, all of whom are highly engaged on Beekeeper. 52% of those same field leaders are still at the company. With the cost to train, hire, and onboard field leaders, that positively impacted our business with $168,000 in savings on increased retention.”

Tamara PalmerInternal Communications Manager

“Beekeeper has allowed us to digitize some of our operational processes like colleague shift management and daily briefings. There are also benefits we didn’t anticipate, such as the popularity of employees sharing personal stories and chiming in to recognize each other’s achievements.”

Mitch AustinCommunications Security Manager

“More than 12,000 non-wired Cargill employees have opted into using this tool and are now easily connected to information, resources, and communication they didn’t have before.”

Jay KnollSr. Communications Specialist

Your browser does not support the video tag.

Beekeeper is the All-in-One Solution for your deskless workforce
Beekeeper is more than just an Employee App. We are a Frontline Success System.

Your digital workspace for deskless workers
Beekeeper aims to connect, engage and retain your most valuable resource – your teams. 

From shifts, to comms, to operations. We empower, simplify and automate. So you can focus on what’s important. 

 » Check out our features

Improve employee engagement with Frontline Intelligence
How are your frontline employees doing? Lack of insights leads to wrong business decisions. Drive employee engagement with AI-Powered Sentiment Analysis. 

 » More about Frontline Intelligence

Ensure the Health and Safety of your workforce
Put the safety of your frontline workers first. With safety communication, training and reporting on your employees mobile devices. Digitize safety and pre-shift checks for speed and compliance. 

 » More about health and safety

Maximize Uptime, Minimize Downtime
Reduce the frequency of unplanned maintenance and stay compliant. Eliminate paper checklists and forms and replace them through digital maintenance and inspection processes. 

 » More about maintenance

Fill Shifts faster & offer flexibility
Boost employee retention with better shift scheduling. Reduce shift absenteeism and improve productivity. Offer more flexibility and handle shift swap requests in minutes instead of hours. 

 » More about our shifts solution

How expensive is your Status Quo?
“Business as usual” costs you more than you think. 

Poor experience and disengaged employees result in high turnover, increased hiring, onboarding and training costs. How expensive is your frontline disconnect? 

 » Calculate your costs

Ready to create an award-winning employee experience?

Set up a workshop with one of our frontline experts