EndGoogleTagManager

StartVWOCommonSmartcode

EndVWOCommonSmartcode
StartVWOAsyncSmartCode

EndVWOAsync SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Employee Engagement for Frontline Workers | Beekeeper

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

 NEW Employee Lifecycle 

Platform

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Keep your staff with a better employee experience 

Get the employee engagement tools you need to build a workplace culture that your frontline deserves. Get Started Watch Video 

Trusted by 1000+ companies

Reduce employee turnover by 40% 

Retain your best employees by creating a strong team culture, sharing regular feedback, and making it easier for your frontline workforce to do great work. 

Connect all teams with one app

Bring people, locations, and regions together to share knowledge, work more closely, and create partnerships that otherwise wouldn’t be possible. 

 Foster a culture of recognition

»

A kind word goes a long way. Celebrate great work within your organization where your employees can see it to show appreciation and boost moral.

Invest in your workforce
»

Boost retention by creating growth opportunities for employees. Upskill your frontline workforce with ongoing trainings, then ensure knowledge retention with a quiz!

Put your people first

»

Gather feedback with a survey or form right on the frontline. Beekeeper helps you ensure every employee’s voice is heard and drive meaningful change with actionable insight.

“We’ve seen year-over-year increase in employee engagement and reduction in turnover since Beekeeper has been in place.“

Yolanda Royall-Williams
Director of Human Resources and Recruiting

 Increase shift coverage and flexibility 

Reduce shift absenteeism by making it easy for employees to see their schedule and request shift swaps. Open shifts gives your frontline workers the flexibility they need – leading to lower employee burnout and turnover. 

Digitize onboarding to improve new hire experience 

Eliminate paper to ramp up onboarding from weeks to hours. Simply download the app and scan a QR code for mobile access to all onboarding materials. No email or password required! 

Get employees up and running fast 

Save time on repetitive tasks by automating the delivery of personalized messages, training materials, onboarding to-do’s, and more. 

Keep your teams fully staffed 

Understaffing leads to overworked and unengaged teams. Fill open roles faster by using Beekeeper to collect employee referrals and secure more qualified candidates. 

Connect Beekeeper to your favorite tools 

Integrate Beekeeper with your existing HRIS, LMS, engagement tool, and more to ensure a seamless and consistent employee experience. 

“Beekeeper helps us engage all our employees. This leads to real results, fast.“

Thousands of frontline employees stay connected and informed with Beekeeper 

Leading companies around the world use Beekeeper to connect instantly with their frontline workers, across language barriers and locations. 

In annual retention savings

» Read the story

Employees onboarded and trained in weeks

» Read the story

Pick a plan that’s designed for you.» Beekeeper plans and pricing