EndGoogleTagManager

StartVWOCommonSmartcode

EndVWOCommonSmartcode
StartVWOAsyncSmartCode

End VWO Async SmartCode 
 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Beekeeper Careers | Join an inclusive, international team!

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Join an inclusive, international team!

At Beekeeper, we make it a priority to offer a flexible work environment and great career development trajectory.» View video 

Powered by Our People

Ready to take the next step in your career and join a dynamic, talented team? Check out our open roles and join our Hive! 

Awesome People all Over the World

„As a passionate marketer, who loves to work with innovative and like-minded people, I have been lucky to build the new role of for Beekeeper. Already a big fan as a Customer before – now creating great testimonial stories makes me thrive! Changing the industry from Retail to SaaS has been a positive adventure and I love to continue the ride with Beekeeper!“

Customer Marketing

„Beekeeper offers me a flexible workplace, with a lot of appreciation and recognition, the opportunity to grow and educate myself, as well as a fantastic and very diverse team that works strongly together to make the daily work life easier for all mobile employees!“

André
Junior Customer Success Manager

„Working for a company that improves the lives of thousands of frontline workers makes my job meaningful. What you can expect when working at Beekeeper is ownership in rolling out your projects, a solution-orientated „Get Things Done“ mentality and the added benefit of thriving in a fun, supportive and inclusive company culture.“

Andrea
Global Office Operations Manager

„I joined Beekeeper because I wanted to work for a company with an idea that I really believe in. As someone who comes from the field of HR, I understand the importance of enabling all employees in an organisation and, therefore, the incredible value that Beekeeper offers to our customers. Next to the idea, I love the challenging yet supportive environment I experience everyday since I joined the Hive!“

Perks of Joining the Hive

» Flip for moreFree coffee and fresh fruit are available in all hives and quarterly sport events for the most motivated bees.

In the USA and Krakow, Beekeeper reimburses our bees for their gym memberships.

» Flip for moreFrom Company Brunches in Europe to wine tasting in the Bay Area, each of our Hives have their own unique team events. Join us on our next adventure!

» Flip for moreWe care deeply about supporting the whole individual. To better support mental wellness, Beekeeper offers mental health days and workshops around wellness and stress management for our team. We also offer memberships at nilohealth.com with high-quality, personalized, on-demand

» Flip for moreWe‘re a tight-knit hive, and we keep in touch via our own software (Beekeeper!) We also host game nights and happy hours in most office locations.

» Flip for moreContinue to evolve your skills through weekly Bee University talks, internal presentations, and workshops where bees can share their knowledge and passion with the rest of the hive.
Phone & Internet Bill
» Flip for moreWant one less bill to worry about? Beekeeper reimburses employees for their cell phone bills each month. 

Health and Wellness

Free coffee and fresh fruit is available in all hives. Zurich bees have access to weekly CrossFit sessions with a personal trainer. In the USA and Krakow, Beekeeper reimburses our bees for their gym memberships.

Team Events

From skiing in Switzerland to wine tasting in the Bay Area, each of our Hives have their own unique team events. Join us on our next adventure!

Mental Health

We care deeply about supporting the whole individual. To better support mental wellness, Beekeeper offers mental health days and workshops around wellness and stress management for our team.

Culture

We‘re a tight-knit hive, and we keep in touch via our own software (Beekeeper!) We also host game nights and happy hours in most office locations.

Continuous Learning

Continue to evolve your skills through weekly Bee University talks, internal presentations, and workshops where bees can share their knowledge and passion with the rest of the hive.

Want one less bill to worry about? Beekeeper reimburses employees for their cell phone bills each month.

Beekeeper Stock Options
Phone & Home Internet costs reimbursement up to 80 CHF/month
Home office set-up reimbursement up to 400 CHF
Personal Learning & Development Budget of 1500 USD/year + 3 paid days/year for L&D activities
Sabbatical Program – 1 month paid leave at 3, 5, 10 year tenure
Pension scheme plan with 3 options to choose from
25 days of annual leave/year
Maternity leave 16 weeks full pay
Paternity leave 4 weeks full pay
Every employee is entitled to take 1 Mental Health day (paid) per half-year
Access to Corporate Benefits platform (discounts on selected products and services)
Weekly remote German classes
Laptop for work purposes

Beekeeper Stock Options
Phone & Home Internet costs reimbursement up to 80 EUR/month
S-Bahn Card for Sales Employees
Home office set-up reimbursement up to 300 EUR
Personal Learning & Development Budget of 1500 USD/year + 3 paid days/year for L&D activities
Sabbatical Program – 1 month paid leave at 3, 5, 10 year tenure
30 days of annual leave/year
Paternity leave 4 weeks full pay
Every employee is entitled to take 1 Mental Health day (paid) per half-year
Access to Corporate Benefits platform (discounts on selected products and services)
Laptop for work purposes

Attractive company pension scheme

Beekeeper Stock Options
Phone & Home Internet costs reimbursement up to 80 PLN/month
Private health care package: Prestige cover with Luxmed (employee contributes 1 PLN/month)
Multisport Benefit card (employee contributes 1 PLN/month)
Creative Allowance – paid as 1000 PLN gross/month
Home office set-up reimbursement up to 1000 PLN
Personal Learning & Development Budget of 1500 USD/year + 3 paid days/year for L&D activities
Sabbatical Program – 1 month paid leave at 3, 5, 10 year tenure
26 days of annual leave/year
Every employee is entitled to take 1 Mental Health day (paid) per half-year
Laptop for work purposes
Flexible working model

Benefits for the US

Beekeeper Stock Options
Phone & Home Internet costs reimbursement up to 80 USD /month
100% Medical, Vision, and Dental for most plans plus (or +) 50% coverage for spouse, dependents or domestic partners
401(k) Retirement plan with employer matching
Fitness & wellness cost reimbursement up to 50 USD/month
Home office set-up reimbursement up to 400 USD
Personal Learning & Development Budget of 1500 USD/year + 3 paid days/year for L&D activities
Sabbatical Program – 1 month paid leave at 3, 5, 10 year tenure
Unlimited Paid Time-Off (Upon Manager’s Approval)
14 weeks paid maternity leave and 8 Weeks paid parental leave
Every employee is entitled to take 1 Mental Health day (paid) per half-year
Laptop for work purposes
Remote working model, with an option to use the We Work network of office workspace.
Access to co-working office spaces

Join our Talent Network

Stay up-to-date on new job openings, company news, and more. 

Or share your contact info with us so we can reach out when we have an open role that could be a good fit for you.

Beekeeper Hive Berlin Insight

Beekeeper Hive Zurich Insight

Beekeeper Kick-off event 2023