EndGoogleTagManager

StartVWOCommonSmartcode

EndVWOCommonSmartcode
StartVWOAsyncSmartCode

EndVWOAsyncSmartCode

Thissiteis optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Mobile Workforce Communication Tools | Beekeeper

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

 NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Connect & Communicate with Your Frontline 

Enable 2-way, closed loop conversations with a single click Get Started Watch Video 

Trusted by 1000+ companies

To Your Frontline, Fast. 

Beekeeper helps you get important info to your frontline employees and ensure they read it too. 

Personalized updates for every employee

Share information that’s useful, not distracting. Tailor by role, department, and location through targeted messages and a customizable home screen.

An easy & secure way to coordinate

Say goodbye to phone trees and big group text chains. Give employees an easy and secure way to swap shifts, engage with leadership, and coordinate between teams.

»

With Beekeeper’s unique inline translations, employees can read all messages in their preferred language, allowing you to communicate instantly with a multi-lingual team.

Bridge the communication gap
»

Communication is not just about pushing info out. Beekeeper enables two-way communication, connecting your frontline workers with your organization like never before.

 Ditch WhatsApp & respect your employees privacy

»

Stop intruding on your employees’ private WhatsApp accounts. Give them one secure place to go for all the critical information they need to complete their work.
They will love you for that!

“It used to take us 10 days to inform shop floor workers about new products and promotions, now it takes only seconds!“

Global Head Corporate
Communications & Public Affairs

Whether it’s out in the field or on the floor, keep employees up-to-date wherever they work with tablets, digital signage, and SMS messages. 

Guarantee receipt of essential information 

Use Campaigns to track who has seen what, then quickly follow up with non-responders to keep your business safe and compliant. 

Speed up onboarding and communication time 

Schedule content ahead of time with Workflows to automatically deliver messages, campaigns and surveys to your workforce. 

Discover what resonates the most with your frontline 

Beekeeper gives you visibility into employee activation and engagement rates, so you can better understand the impact of your communications and digital enablement. 

“Beekeeper is doing exactly
what we hoped for – the metrics are outstanding!”

Move Faster as an Organization: 

Faster Reaction Times and Decisions 

Leading companies around the world use Beekeeper to connect instantly with their frontline workers, across language barriers and locations. 

Savings on the company magazine alone.

» Read the story

» Read the story

Pick a plan that’s designed for you.» Beekeeper plans and pricing