EndGoogle Tag Manager 

 Start VWO Common Smartcode 

 End VWO Common Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 
 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Careers at Beekeeper | 

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Join an inclusive, international team and work wherever you want.

FAQ

How do I apply for a job at Beekeeper?

Application: Our stellar HR team puts the word out and posts the job opening. Candidates submit their applications.
Screening: The recruiter reviews the resumes together with the hiring manager and reach out to candidates for an interview.
Interview Process: The exact process can vary depending on the job and level of seniority.
Decision: After all interviews are done, the recruiter, hiring manager, and the C-level executives will have a hiring review and decide on the final candidates.
Feedback/Offer: If hired, the recruiter will call the candidate with an offer. Otherwise, the recruiter will offer constructive feedback to the remaining candidates.

What’s the recruitment process?

Our Recruitment Process varies depending on the role, but we generally follow these steps:

Screening Interview: 30 – 60 minutes
Career Discussion & Competency Interview: 1 hour
Home Task & Presentation: 1 –2 hours depending on the position
Executive Interview (If applicable): 30 – 45 minutes
Reference Check (If applicable)
Feedback or Offer Call: 15 – 30 minutes

Do you offer flexible working hours?

Yes! We value family time, hobbies, and work/life balance. While we you may have some standing weekly meetings, we offer flexible working hours.

What’s considered a typical work week for a full-time bee?

Does Beekeeper offer only remote work?

For our remote employees in the US and Germany, we offer access to WeWork office locations 24/7 in many different cities. For all other employees, we offer a hybrid and flexible work model, where they can choose the days they work from home or from our beautiful and freshly renovated offices.

Where is my data stored?

Your data deserves privacy! At Beekeeper, all candidate data is securely stored in our ATS (Application Tracking System) Greenhouse. All recruitment activity is conducted via Greenhouse and is never shared elsewhere or sold.

How long is my data stored for?

When applying for a position at Beekeeper, we’ll store your application for 12 months. If you don’t get hired for the job you originally applied to, we keep your application for future positions as a “candidate prospect” for up to 12 months. If you don’t want us to store your data, please let us know by writing to applicant.privacy@beekeeper.ioand we will delete your information within 30 days upon request. For more information please visit our privacy page.

Got a question we didn’t answer? Ask away!↓

Email us at jobs@beekeeper.io.