

1_ISSTO12-COM-THE-NE

AntennaComponents
ElectronicallySteered Antenna Arrays

SWISSto continues expansion with additional production space, growing team by adding leading Satcom Engineers

SWISSto12 adds an additional 1,200m2 of production space, including a large clean room, to its existing 4,500m2 site in Renens, Switzerland SatCom veteran Peter Bach…

SWISSto12 named by Via Satellite as one of “10 Hottest Companies” in Annual Shortlist

SWISSto12, one of Europe’s fastest-growing aerospace companies and a leading manufacturer of advanced satellite payloads and Radio-Frequency (RF) systems, has been named by Via Satellite…

SWISSto12 marks a year of stellar growth

SWISSto12, one of Europe’s fastest-growing aerospace companies and a leading manufacturer of advanced satellite payloads and Radio-Frequency (RF) systems, is celebrating 202 as a landmark…

HummingSat: A New Chapter in Space Innovation Unveiled

The HummingSat range of satellites, named after the tiny, agile, fast-moving, and yet apparently stationary hummingbird, are being developed under an ARTES Partnership Project between…

SWISSto12 announces development of Active Electronically Steerable Antennas in collaboration with Thales

SWISSto12 collaborates with Thales for the development of Active Electronically Steerable Antennas (AESAs) for Satcom-on-the-move market, with a focus on airborne, land and maritime vehicles. …

SWISSto12 Secures CHF 25 Million (€26.15million) Working Capital Financing Facility from UBS for HummingSat Satellite Business

SWISSto12, one of Europe’s fastest growing satellite and Radio Frequency product manufacturers, has announced securing a CHF 25 million (€26.15 million) working capital facility from…

Inmarsat selects SWISSto12’s HummingSat for I-8 Satellites to power L-band network

The satellite operator has announced its new Inmarsat-8 small satellites will launch in 2026 to provide crucial safety services and support advances in emergency tracking.…

Intelsat chooses SWISSto12 to build Intelsat 45, a landmark for next generation geostationary satellites

Intelsat becomes first commercial customer for SWISSto12’s innovative HummingSat geostationary telecommunications satellite, developed with its patented 3D printing technology in collaboration with the European Space…

SWISSto12 HummingSat product line secures strong support at ESA Ministerial Council

Lausanne, Switzerland, January 18 2023 SWISSto12, Switzerland’s fastest-growing aerospace company and a leading manufacturer of advanced satellite payloads and systems, today announced that the HummingSat…

SWISSto12 launches US entity St12 RF Solutions Inc, to boost engagement with US Aerospace customers

Newly incorporated St12 RF Solutions, Inc. will collaborate with US partner Frontgrade Technologies to deliver complex differentiated RF solutions to the US Aerospace market to…

HummingSat passes Systems Review milestone with ESA

An innovative small-sized satellite product line for geostationary telecommunications has passed its ESA system requirements review and received its official name of "HummingSat". The slimline…

SWISSto12 and PROFEN announce strategic partnership to bring industry-leading satellite connectivity solutions to Turkey’s aerospace market

Lausanne, Switzerland and Istanbul, Turkey, 09 March 2023 SWISSto12, Switzerland’s fastest-growing aerospace company and a leading manufacturer of advanced Radio Frequency (RF) products and systems,…

1
2
3

Stay up to date
Sign up here to receive email updates on SWISSto12 news.

Leave this field empty if you're human: 
By signing up, you agree to SWISSto12’s Privacy Policy



2_ISSTO12-COM-PRODUCTS-ANTENNA-COMPONEN

Antennacomponents|SWISSto12

Antenna Components
Electronically Steered Antenna Arrays

The future of aerospace antennas delivered

SWISSto12 antennas leverage our technology’s inherent design and manufacturing freedom to push the envelope of possibility in antenna technology. The company has specialized in high-performance, innovative antennas for multiple aerospace applications. 

SWISSto12’s 3D printing allows the production of feed-chains in a wide frequency range from C-band to Q-band showing outstanding RF-performance. Reduced mass and assembly time/efforts are achieved by means of clever mechanical designs and lower number of interfaces.

Monolithic component including diplexer, OMT-polarizer, and horn;
Customizable port location and form factor, adapted to client’s requirements;

20/30 GHz (full Ka-band bandwidth);
dual-circular polarization in the two bands with a cross polarization in excess of 27 dB;
low insertion loss (typically 0.2 dB); 
very high isolation (> 90 dB) between bands;
weight less than 75 g;

Other frequency bands available.

Loading 3D model
This might take a minute.

Ultra-lightweight airborne Ku and Ka antennas with outstanding RF performance are now possible thanks to the SWISSto12’s 3D printing. Monolithic modules integrating a large number of apertures reduce the full array assembly from thousands of components to less than ten. Ku-band and Ka-band antenna arrays meet FCC mask regulations. 

Hyper light: Ku (7kg) - Ka (6kg);
Fully compliant with FCC mask;
Innovative RF design for enhanced performance;
No grating lobes: highest transmission efficiency / achievable ESD;
Robust antenna assembled out of only 4 pieces;
Ku example (4 blocks):

Rx band: 10.7 – 12.75 GHz;
Tx band: 13.75 – 14.5 GHz;
Gain at Tx: 33-34 dB;
Dual linear polarization;
Aperture size: 25.2” x 6.3” / 64cm x 16cm.

Loading 3D model
This might take a minute.

Slotted waveguide antenna arrays

3D printing can also be used for the production of slotted waveguides antenna arrays. SWISSto12 has developed innovative slotted waveguide solutions that are compatible with batch production of monolithic antennas while offering the best possible RF performance. Available from X-band to Ka-band.

Customizable aperture shape;
Possibility to include complex BFN functions such as comparators for tracking.

Slotted waveguide antenna arrays

Loading 3D model
This might take a minute.

Antennas and antenna clusters

3D printing provides an ideal solution for monolithic horns. Monolithic antenna clusters can contain hundreds of elements, depending on the application. Reducing the number of elements to be mounted allows for the reduced assembly of systems such as active antenna arrays or antenna farms. Considering clusters at an early stage allows for the improvement of mechanical performances and weight of the RF system. The production lead-time is much faster than if standalone elements were considered.

X-band example (4 elements 2x2):

X-band military band (≈7.5 GHz);
dual-circular polarization in with a cross polarization in excess of 30 dB;
low insertion loss (typically 0.35 dB);
filtering up to Ka-band;
total weight < 250 g;
total length: < 350 mm;

Ku-band (single horn for shaped reflector):

commercial Ku-band
dual-linear, cross-polarization in excess of 35 dB;
antenna loss: 0.1 dB;
taper 20 deg;
weight: x3 reduction with conventional horn;

Antennas and antenna clusters

Loading 3D model
This might take a minute.

Waveguide filters and diplexers

SWISSto12 is the reference supplier of 3D printed filters for ground and space applications. SWISSto12’s filter portfolio ranges from S-band to Q-band, including narrow-band and wideband bandpass, lowpass, cutoff and stopband filters, using proprietary topologies such as custom waveguides, corrugated, combline, evanescent, dual-mode. SWISSto12 offers design for both highest performance and competitive cost. SWISSto12’s filters are monolithic ultra-light devices. The portfolio also includes diplexers and multiplexers.

Ku-band narrowband filter for converters:

compatible with banks;
total weight << 100 g;
GEO environmental test passed;

Band: 17.7-20.2 GHz;
rejection: typically 100 dB, all harmonics below -60 dB;
all harmonic rejection up to 43 GHz;
insertion loss: approx. 0.25 @ 19 GHz;

Waveguide filters and diplexers

Loading 3D model
This might take a minute.



3_ISSTO12-COM-THE-NEWS-PAGE-2

AntennaComponents
ElectronicallySteered Antenna Arrays

SWISSto and Thales sign first contract to develop and supply new Solid-State Power Amplifiers (SSPAs) for geostationary satellite missions

Paris, 1 January 2023 SWISSto12, Switzerland’s fastest-growing aerospace company and a leading manufacturer of advanced satellite payloads and systems, today announced the signing of its…

HummingSat: SWISSto12 brands its satellite product line

Lausanne, June 28th  2022 – SWISSto12 introduces the new name: HummingSat as well as the logo for its small telecommunications satellite product line. HummingSat operates…

Our partner CAES celebrated the opening of RF Additive Manufacturing facility in Exeter.

Lausanne, April 25th 2022 – CAES, a leading provider of mission critical electronics, announced today the opening of its new state of the art RF…

Lockheed Martin Space partners with SWISSto12 & CAES for Advanced 3D-Printed Phased Array Antennas

Lausanne, March 23rd 2022 SWISSto12 and the firm’s US-based partner, CAES (Cobham Advanced Electronic Solutions), have been selected by Lockheed Martin Space business to develop…

HummingSat enters design phase

Lausanne, March 22nd 2022 A small but powerful European telecommunications satellite – the first of a series – is to be developed under a contract…

Lausanne, March 21st 2022 – SWISSto12, a leading provider of Radio-Frequency (RF) products and payload systems for telecommunication satellites based on novel 3D printing technologies,…

SWISSto12’s micro-geostationary satellite wins ESA support

Lausanne, November 30th 2021 – The small telecommunications satellite developed by SWISSto12 SA, intended for launch into geostationary orbit some 36'000 kilometres above the Earth…

SWISSto12 and Elbit Systems to cooperate on the development and production of advanced antennas

Haifa, Israel and Renens, Switzerland, July 19th, 2021 – Elbit Systems, a $4.7 billion company, and SWISSto12, a leading provider of 3D printed products for…

SWISSto12 and SatixFy team up on advanced payloads for MEO and GEO telecom satellite programs

Lausanne: Switzerland, Farnborough: UK— SWISSto12, a leading provider of 3D printed antenna and RF system products for the Aerospace and Surveillance industries and SatixFy, a…

CAES and SWISSto12 Launch Strategic Alliance for 3D Printed RF Technology

Arlington, Va. and Lausanne, Switzerland — CAES, the leading provider of RF technologies and related mission critical electronic solutions, and SWISSto12, the leading provider of…

Fleet selects SWISSto12 to deliver the first ever additively manufactured all-metal patch antennas

 Lausanne, Switzerland - 9th February 2021 – SWISSto12 has been selected by Fleet Space Technologies, an Australian Nanosatellite Manufacturer, to deliver the first ever additively…

Dr. Peter Guggenbach new Chief Growth Officer of SWISSto12

Lausanne, Switzerland - December 15th, 2020 - SWISSto12 today announced that Dr. Peter Guggenbach will join the company as Chief Growth Officer starting January 1st…

1
2
3

Stay up to date
Sign up here to receive email updates on SWISSto12 news.

Leave this field empty if you're human: 
By signing up, you agree to SWISSto12’s Privacy Policy



4_ISSTO12-COM-TERMS-AND-CONDITIONS-OF-PURCHASE

Termsand conditions of purchase - SwisstoSwissto12

Antenna Components
Electronically Steered Antenna Arrays

Homepage / Terms and conditions of purchase

Terms and conditions of purchase

SWISSto12 SA – June 2022

1.1. These general terms and conditions of purchase (the “GTCP“) apply to the contractual relationship between SWISSto12 SA (CHE-370.774.769), a company incorporated under the laws of Switzerland, with its registered office at Avenue des Baumettes 19, 1020 Renens (VD), Switzerland (“SWISSto12“) and each of its suppliers (each, the “Supplier“; SWISSto12 and the Supplier, collectively, the “Parties“, and each, individually, a “Party“).

1.2. These GTCP apply concurrently with the specific purchase order(s) placed by SWISSto12 with the Supplier and approved by both Parties in writing, including its or their annexes and schedules (each, a “Purchase Order“), which together constitute the purchase contract between the Parties (the “Contract“). Unless specifically agreed otherwise by the Parties, these GTCP apply exclusively, and any other general terms and conditions, in particular any general terms and conditions of the Supplier, are excluded and shall not apply

1.3. The Contract shall be deemed entered by and between the Parties only upon (i) the relevant Purchase Order being signed by authorized representatives of both Parties or (ii) the Supplier providing SWISSto12 with a written confirmation (such as a confirmation order) relating to the relevant Purchase Order duly placed and signed by authorized representatives of SWISSto12 or (iii) in the event that the Supplier fails to acknowledge receipt of the Purchase Order duly placed by SWISSto12 within three (3) business days of such receipt (in which case the Purchase Order and this GTCP will be deemed accepted by the Supplier).

1.4. Any subsequent amendment of the Contract is subject to the prior written agreement of the Parties.

1.5. In case of conflicts or discrepancies between the Purchase Order, its annexes and schedules, and these GTCP, these documents shall prevail in the following decreasing order of priority:

the annexes and/or schedules to the Purchase Order; and

1.6. SWISSto12 reserves the right to amend these GTCP at any time. SWISSto12 shall inform the Supplier of such amendments by any appropriate means, including by email or by publishing the amended GTCP on SWISSto12’s website. The Supplier is responsible for checking SWISSto12’s website regularly. Unless SWISSto12 receives written notice of objection within thirty (30) calendar days of informing the Supplier, the amended GTCP shall be deemed approved by the Supplier without reservation.

2. Scope of Work

2.1. The Supplier shall provide the products and/or services set out in any Purchase Order (collectively, the “Work” or the “Goods”).

2.2. The Supplier shall carry out the Work, and deliver the Goods, respectively as set out in the relevant Purchase Order.

3.1. In case SWISSto12 is willing to change the terms and conditions of the Work and/or the Goods under any Purchase Order, SWISSto12 shall provide the Supplier with a change order detailing such changes (each, a “Change Order”).

3.2. The Supplier shall provide SWISSto12 within 14 (fourteen) calendar days of receipt of a Change Order with a detailed offer regarding the price changes resulting from the changes detailed in the Change Order and the effect of such changes on the deadlines specified in the Purchase Order. Upon such offer being approved in writing by SWISSto12, the terms of such offer, together with those of the Change Order, shall serve as an amendment to the Purchase Order and shall be an integral part of the Contract.

3.3. If the Supplier has not provided SWISSto12 with such detailed offer within the aforementioned 14 (fourteen) calendar day period, the terms and conditions of the Purchase Order, other than those amended by the Change Order, shall apply unchanged and the Supplier shall be deemed to have waived any changes other than those contained in the Change Order. The Change Order shall then serve as an amendment to the Purchase Order and shall be an integral part of the Contract.

4.1. The Purchase Order and the annexes and/or schedules thereto shall define the time and place of delivery/performance of the products and/or services being part of the Work and/or the Goods.

4.2. If the Work and/or the Goods includes the provision of technical and/or quality documentation, such documentation shall form an integral part of the Supplier’s Work and/or Goods. The delivery of the Work and/or the Goods shall therefore only be completed once the technical and/or quality documentation has been handed over to SWISSto12 as contemplated in the relevant Purchase Order.

4.3. The Supplier undertakes to regularly inform SWISSto12, or any third party designated by SWISSto12, of the progress of the Work entrusted to it, and to inform them of any event that could cause a delay in the delivery/performance of the Work and/or the Goods.

5.1. In the event that the Supplier (i) fails to deliver the Work and/or the Goods or documentation meeting the requirements of the Purchase Order on the due date, or (ii) if the equipment fails to meet the Purchase Order’s performance requirements, and without prior notice of default being necessary, SWISSto12 shall be entitled, without prejudice to any other remedy available by law or by contract, to claim damages for the loss suffered, including any delay penalties that may be due by SWISSto12 to its own customers due to the delay attributable to the Supplier.

5.2. In particular, the Supplier will have to pay the liquidated damages as set forth in the Purchase Order. The latter represents a reasonable determination of the damages’ amount that SWISSto12 will suffer and is not to be considered as penalty. Supplier hereby waives any defense to SWISSto12’s recovery of such liquidated damages on the basis that actual damages are ascertainable or that such liquidated damages do not represent a reasonable determination of SWISSto12’s damages or are penalties.

5.3. Unless otherwise expressly specified, the rate of liquidated damages for late delivery of equipment shall be at a rate of 1% of the total price per week of delay up to a maximum of 10% of the total price. Such liquidated damages may be deducted by SWISSto12 from any due to the Supplier. SWISSto12’s right to cancel for the Supplier’s default and exercise the remedy set forth is reserved, as well as any delay penalties that may be due by SWISSto12 to its own customers due to the delay attributable to the Supplier.

6.1. The Price for the Work and/or the Goods shall be as detailed in the relevant Purchase Order (the “Price”).

6.2. The Price shall be firm, fixed and non-revisable (except in accordance with the terms of these GTCP).

6.3. The Price shall include value added tax (or any similar tax) and all other taxes, duties, licenses, fees and levies of any kind whatsoever.

6.4. Unless otherwise agreed in the Purchase Order, the Price is for Work and/or Goods packed and delivered to the delivery place indicated in the Purchase Order and shall be deemed to include any packing costs, packaging costs, delivery costs, insurance costs, express service charges and custom taxes and other fees, where applicable.

7.1. Invoices shall be issued and addressed to SWISSto12 by the Supplier in accordance with the payment schedule detailed in the Purchase Order at [email protected] .

7.2. Unless otherwise agreed upon in writing, invoices issued by the Supplier in accordance with the Contract shall be payable by SWISSto12 within sixty (60) or thirty (30) calendar days after the end of the month in which all items of the Purchase Order referred to in the invoice have been delivered to and accepted by SWISSto12 net of any set off made by SWISSto12 for any amount owed by the Supplier to SWISSto12 under a Purchase Order.

7.3. Payment by SWISSto12 of the Price shall not constitute acceptance of the Work and/or the Goods and is without prejudice to and rights SWISSto12 may have by reason of the Work and/or the Goods failing to comply with any specification relating to the Work and/or the Goods or any breach by the Supplier of all or any of the clauses in the Purchase Order.

8.1. All packaging must conform to SWISSto12’s packaging requirements.

8.2. The Supplier will:

(i) properly pack, mark and ship the Goods in accordance with SWISSto12’s requirements and the select the appropriate carrier in a manner to secure the lowest transportation cost with the best possible security;(ii) route shipment in accordance with SWISSto12’s instructions;(iii) provide SWISSto12 with shipment papers showing the following information: Purchase Order/Change Order’s number(s), SWISSto12’s part number, Supplier’s name, Supplier’s part number where applicable, quantity of pieces in shipment, number of cartons or containers in shipment, bill of lading number and country of origin;(iv) promptly forward to SWISSto12 the original bill of lading or other shipment receipt for each shipment identification of the Goods on packing slips, bills of lading and invoices;(v) promptly furnish SWISSto12 with all certificates of origin or certificates of compliance and domestic value-added and other information relating to the costs and places of origin of the Goods and the materials contained therein or used in the performance thereof, as may be required by

9. Transfer of Ownership and Risks

9.1. The transfer from the Supplier to SWISSto12 of ownership and risks to products that are part of the Work and/or the Goods shall take place upon delivery of such products at the place of delivery defined in the Purchase Order.

9.2. If the delivery is delayed at the request of SWISSto12 by more than sixty (60) calendar days in relation to the delivery period specified in the Purchase Order, the Supplier shall be entitled to receive a fair compensation for the storage of the goods at its risk.

10. SWISSto12 Furnished Items

10.1. When the performance of the Work by the Supplier requires that one or more items owned or paid by SWISSto12 be handed over to the Supplier such as drawings, designs and other specifications and tools (collectively, the “Customer Furnished Items”), the Supplier shall assume custody of such Customer Furnished Items under its entire responsibility. The Customer Furnished Items are SWISSto12’s property and shall be used by the Supplier only to fulfil Purchase Orders from SWISSto12. Furthermore, the Supplier shall keep Customer Furnished Items clearly labelled as being Swissto12’s property.

10.2. SWISSto12 does not provide a guarantee regarding the nature or quality of the Customer Furnished Items, which are furnished “as is”. The Supplier shall not make any change in the manufacturing, process, components or design of the Customer Furnished Items without obtaining SWISSto12’s prior written consent.

10.3. The Supplier shall be liable for the loss of, or any damage to, the Customer Furnished Items between the time SWISSto12 physically delivers the relevant Customer Furnished Items to the Supplier and the time they are physically delivered back to SWISSto12. The Supplier shall, at its cost, store and maintain all such property in good condition and repair.

10.4. The Supplier shall always maintain sufficient insurance coverage with respect to Customer Furnished Items (in particular but not limited to loss, damage, theft or destruction). Upon request by SWISSto12, evidence of such insurance shall be submitted to SWISSto12 by the Supplier. All amounts received under such insurance shall be paid directly to SWISSto12.

10.5. The Supplier shall not pledge, charge, or grant liens over, or claim any title, right or interest in or to Customer Furnished Items.

11. Inspections of Supplier’s Activities

11.1. SWISSto12 and its directors, employees, representatives, agents and managers (collectively, the “Representatives”) shall have unrestricted access to all of the Supplier’s facilities, equipment and premises during normal business hours in order to conduct inspections of the Supplier’s activities in connection with the performance of any Purchase Order/Contract (including in the test phases), subject to all such Representatives being subject to appropriate confidentiality undertakings. SWISSto12 shall notify the Supplier at least twenty-four (24) hours prior to undertaking any such inspection.

11.2. Such inspections may relate to the facilities and equipment, as well as the personnel in charge of the performance of the Work. They may take place before, during and after the completion of the relevant Purchase Order.

11.3. Such inspections shall not constitute delivery or partial acceptance and shall not affect SWISSto12 rights under any warranty for defects.

12. Subcontracting and Assignment

12.1. The Supplier may not delegate or subcontract the Work and/or the design, handcrafting, production and delivery of the Goods, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of SWISSto12. The Supplier shall be responsible for the performance of the Work by its authorized subcontractors. The right of SWISSto12 to conduct inspections under Clause 11 shall apply mutatis mutandis to any authorized subcontractor of the Supplier and the Supplier shall be responsible for flowing down these provisions to its authorized subcontractors.

12.2. The Supplier may not assign its rights and/or obligations under the Contract to a third party without the prior written approval of SWISSto12. Any assignment made without such consent shall be null and void. SWISSto12 shall be entitled to assign any of its rights and obligations under the Contract to any of its affiliates.

12.3. Any approval by SWISSto12 to subcontract shall not release the Supplier from any obligation or liability under the Purchase Order.

13. Inspection and Acceptance

13.1. The Supplier undertakes to deliver to SWISSto12 only deliverables that the Supplier has checked for strict compliance with the terms and conditions of the Purchase Order and to standard specifications and industry practices. SWISSto12 has the right to reject Work and/or Goods that do not comply with the conditions listed.

13.2. SWISSto12 shall also have the right to inspect the finished Work and/or Goods at the Supplier’s plant or following receipt by SWISSto12 at destination.

13.3. When stipulated in the relevant Purchase Order, the Supplier shall complete, sign and send with the relevant deliverables a duly completed Supplier’s certificate of conformity.

13.4. The Supplier shall perform, at its own expense, the inspections and controls specifically requested in the Purchase Order or those required to obtain a certificate of conformity and shall establish the corresponding protocols.

13.5. All costs incurred and damages sustained by SWISSto12 as a result of inspections or rejections made under the provisions hereof shall be borne by the Supplier and SWISSto12 may return such Work and/or Goods at the Supplier’s expense.

13.6. SWISSto12 undertakes, upon receipt of any deliverable from the Supplier, to check such deliverables within a reasonable period of time and to notify the Supplier without delay and in writing of any non-conformity with the specifications of the Purchase Order and the annexes and/or schedules thereto. This shall not apply to defects which only become apparent later and which cannot be detected during the inspection, or to defects which have been intentionally concealed or hidden by the Supplier.

13.7. SWISSto12’s claims relating to defective deliverables shall remain unaffected if SWISSto12 is in arrears with the inspection of the Supplier’s deliverables and/or the notice of any defects to the Supplier.13.8. Any deliverable that are part of the Work and/or the Goods shall only be deemed accepted by SWISSto12 upon SWISSto12 confirming in writing that such deliverables have been accepted.

14. Third Party Rights

14.1. The Supplier undertakes not to provide SWISSto12 with Work and/or Goods in breach of any rights of third parties.

14.2. The Supplier shall hold harmless and fully indemnify SWISSto12 against any claims or legal action by a third party alleging a breach of its rights in connection with the Work and/or the Goods.

15.1 For the purpose of these GTCP:

“Intellectual Property” means any registered and unregistered intellectual property rights and any other rights entitled to or eligible for other forms of legal protection, including patents, patent applications, designs, specifications, trademarks, works of authorship, semi-conductor layouts and corresponding applications, as well as copyrights, know-how, data, results, trade secrets, and inventions.

“Background Intellectual Property” means any Intellectual Property owned or controlled by SWISSto12 or by the Supplier at the Start Date of a contract, or later developed by a Party outside the scope of the Contract and without any use, or reference to, Confidential Information of the other Party.

“Foreground Intellectual Property” means any Intellectual Property generated or discovered by SWISSto12 or by the Supplier, or jointly, after the Start Date of the Contract within the scope of the Contract.

“Independent Foreground Intellectual Property” means the Foreground Intellectual Property created, discovered or developed by SWISSto12 or by the Supplier, without any assistance of the other Party and without using any Confidential Information of the other Party.

“Joint Foreground Intellectual Property” means the Foreground Intellectual Property jointly created, discovered or developed by SWISSto12 or by the Supplier

15.2. Each Party is and shall remain at all times the exclusive owner of its respective Background Intellectual Property and Independent Foreground Intellectual Property. Each Party hereby grants to the other Party a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable, royalty-free license under its Background Intellectual Property and its Independent Foreground Intellectual Property, to the extent strictly necessary for the performance of work under the purchase orders and for SWISSto12 and its affiliates to use Work and/or Goods under the Contract and/or any Purchase Order and incorporate them into systems that it can sell to end users. Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, no other right, title or interest, including any license or rights by implication, estoppel or otherwise, in any Background Intellectual Property or any Independent Foreground Intellectual Property of a Party, is granted to the other Party or implied pursuant to the Contract.

15.3. Foreground Intellectual Property and Joint Foreground Intellectual Property shall be exclusively owned by SWISSto12. At SWISSto12’s request, the Supplier shall, and shall cause its personnel to execute all documents and perform all acts as may be necessary to obtain, or assist SWISSto12 in obtaining, any and all such intellectual property rights and to vest the same solely in SWISSto12 and for the exclusive benefit of SWISSto12, to the extent that the same have not already vested in SWISSto12 by law or by contract. If intellectual property rights may not be acquired by SWISSto12 by law or by contract, the Supplier shall, and shall cause its personnel to, grant to SWISSto12 a worldwide, irrevocable, exclusive, transferable and sub-licensable, royalty-free, unlimited and unrestricted license to use, modify, develop and exploit such intellectual property rights.

1

15.4. The Price shall be deemed to include, and the Supplier shall pay, all royalties, fees and amounts payable to any third party (whether by instalments or otherwise) in respect of, or in connection with, any real or personal property, process, work, material, matters, things or methods used or to be used in relation to the provision of the Word and/or Goods and Services under the Contract.

15.5. The Supplier shall hold SWISSto12 harmless and shall fully indemnify SWISSto12 and be liable for all losses, damages, liabilities, actions, suits, claims, proceedings, demands, costs and expenses which may arise from, or be incurred by reason of, any infringement, violation, alleged infringement or alleged violation of any third party patent, design, trademark, name, copyright or other protected right in respect of the Work and/or the Goods sold hereunder and any other plant, machinery, tools, goods, process, work, material, matter, think or method used or supplied by or on behalf of the Supplier.

15.6. The Supplier will not assert or transfer to any third party a right to assert against SWISSto12 or SWISSto12’s customers any Intellectual Property that the Supplier has or may have that are applicable to the Work and/or the Goods used or furnished under the Purchase Order. The Supplier will not sell or otherwise dispose of any Word and/or any Goods that incorporate any Intellectual Property of SWISSto12 to any party other than SWISSto12 without SWISSto12’s prior written consent.

16.1 For the purpose of these GTCP:

“Confidential Information” means and includes any and all proprietary and/or non-public information and materials disclosed by SWISSto12 (the “Disclosing Party”) to the Supplier (the “Receiving Party”), or otherwise received or obtained by the Receiving Party, in view or in connection with the Contract, whether technical, commercial, financial, or otherwise (in oral, written, or any other form), and including the existence of the business relationship between the Supplier and SWISSto12 and any and all Intellectual Property in any form or stage of development, and any other subject matter, material, or information that is considered to be proprietary or confidential and/or that otherwise qualifies for protection under any law providing or creating Intellectual Property rights. Information and materials will be considered Confidential Information regardless of the form or manner of disclosure or whether or not it is marked as “Confidential” or with a similar label. Confidential Information shall include information generated based on Confidential Information. All information relating to SWISSto12’s business and the Purchase Orders (including the existence of the business relationship) are considered confidential.

16.2. Confidential Information shall not include information that: (a) was discovered or created by, or was otherwise in the possession of the Receiving Party before its receipt from the Disclosing Party; (b) is or becomes available to the public through no fault of the Receiving Party; (c) is received by the Receiving Party in good faith from a third party having no duty of confidentiality to the Disclosing Party; or (d) is required to be disclosed by law or court action (in which case the Receiving Party shall immediately notify the Disclosing Party to allow the Disclosing Party the opportunity to oppose such disclosure). The burden of proof of showing that information or materials fall within one of the exclusions above shall rest with the Receiving Party.

16.3. The Receiving Party shall maintain the secrecy and confidentiality of Confidential Information received from the Disclosing Party in connection with the Contract. The Receiving Party (i) shall not disclose the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information to any third party without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party, (ii) shall only use the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information for the purpose of the Contract and as contemplated by the Contract and (iii) shall not copy or reverse engineer, reverse compile, nor attempt to derive the composition or underlying code or other information of any Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information. The Receiving Party shall not remove any confidentiality, proprietary, or other similar markings from Confidential Information. The obligations of confidentiality hereunder shall survive the end or termination of the Contract for whatever reason indefinitely.

16.4. The Receiving Party is responsible for compliance with these confidentiality undertakings by its Representatives. The Receiving Party represents and warrants that it has entered or will enter into agreements with any such Representatives as necessary to fulfil its respective confidentiality obligations hereunder.

16.5. Upon the end or termination of the Contract for whatever reason, or at the earlier request of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party shall, at the election of the Disclosing Party, return or destroy all originals and copies of Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information, or, in case of Confidential Information stored in electronic, magnetic or digital media, shall erase or render unreadable all materials furnished (including, without limitation, working papers containing any Confidential Information or extracts therefrom) which contain Confidential Information.

16.6. Any specific non-disclosure agreement entered by and between the Parties shall apply and remain unaffected.

17. Compliance with Laws, Regulations, Codes and Standards

17.1. The Supplier warrants that the performance of its obligations under the Contract, the Work and/or the Goods themselves, as well as the performance of any portion of the Work by authorized subcontractors, shall comply with all applicable laws, regulations, codes and standards including the SWISSto12’s code of conduct. The Supplier warrants that the Supplier and any authorized subcontractors, have obtained, and shall hold on a continued basis for the whole duration of the Contract, all necessary permits or authorizations.

17.2. In case the implementation of the Contract is subject to export or import licenses / authorizations, the Supplier shall obtain all such licenses / authorizations in time for all relevant deliverables and shall prepare and submit the related documentation and carry out all necessary formalities to that aim.

18.1. The Supplier undertakes to inform SWISSto12 without delay of any non-conformity with the Purchase Order and its annexes and/or schedules that has occurred or been identified during the performance of the Work.

18.2. Any deviation from the Purchase Order shall be the subject to SWISSto12’s prior written consent.

19.1. The Supplier represents and warrants to SWISSto12 that, at any time up to two (2) years after the date on which the relevant Work and/or Goods are put into commercial use by SWISSto12 or its customers, unless the Purchase Order or statutory provisions stipulate a longer warranty:

(A) the Work and/or the Goods (including spare parts) shall be free from defects in design, workmanship and material and shall comply in all respects with the performance criteria, specifications, drawings and other descriptions supplied by SWISSto12 and shall be new, fit and sufficient for the purposes for which they are intended as evidenced in the Purchase Order, and of satisfactory quality and that the Work has been performed in full with due care and diligence.(B) the Work and/or the Goods shall be supplied in compliance with the relevant requirements of any statute, statutory instrument, order, regulation, codes and standards including SWISSto12’s code of conduct, which may be in force from time to time when the same are supplied.

19.2 At SWISSto12’s option, the Supplier shall repair or replace without cost to SWISSto12 (including costs of removal of defective goods and reinstallation of new Work and/or Goods) and Work and/or Goods not compliant with the above warranties and upon failure to do so within a reasonable time under usual practice, after five (5) days prior written notice, SWISSto12 may do so at the Supplier’s expense. In case the Work and/or Goods have been incorporated by SWISSto12 into SWISSto12’s finished or partially finished goods, the Supplier shall hold harmless and fully indemnify SWISSto12 for SWISSto12’s costs of remanufacturing the finished goods and any liability due by SWISSto12 to its customers (including but not limited to, costs of removal and reinstallation of the finished goods manufactured by SWISSto12 with the Goods).

19.3 The Supplier shall ensure proper labelling and instruct SWISSto12 of any risks associated with the Goods. If the Goods purchased are of an explosive, inflammable, toxic, hazardous or otherwise dangerous nature, the Supplier shall hold harmless and fully indemnify SWISSto12 against any claims asserted against SWISSto12 on account of any personal injury or property at SWISSto12’s plant or warehouse or thereafter (including for finished product in the hands of SWISSto12 or its customers) provided that the Supplier’s instructions were complied with.

20.1. Unless otherwise agreed in the Purchase Order, any notice or communication within the framework of the Contract shall be in writing (including by email) and shall be either personally delivered, mailed by registered mail, or emailed (with copy to follow by registered mail), to the addresses of the Parties set out in the Purchase Order.

21.1. The Supplier shall at all times be an independent contractor, and not an agent, partner or joint venturer of SWISSto12, and nothing contained in the Contract shall be deemed to create any agency, partnership or joint venture relationship between the Parties. The Parties and their respective representatives shall have no authority to bind or commit the other Party to any obligation or agreement, or speak for, represent or obligate the other Party in any way.

22.1. Neither Party shall be liable for any delay or failure of performance due solely to unforeseeable circumstances, or other events or causes beyond its control and without its fault or negligence, provided that the Party subject to such event or cause shall have given written notice thereof to the other Party as soon as the same could be anticipated, and if it could not be anticipated, promptly following the commitments for the Work and/or the Goods used herein as they become due, the Supplier shall not discriminate against SWISSto12 or in favor of any other customer in making delivery of such Goods.

22.2. The Supplier shall use its best efforts to anticipate the effect any Force Majeure event or cause and mitigate the effects of such event or cause and make deliveries as expeditiously as possible.

22.3. However, if SWISSto12 believes that the delay or anticipated delay in the Supplier’s deliveries may impair its ability to meet its manufacturing schedules or may otherwise interfere with its operations, SWISSto12 may at its option, and without liability to the Supplier, cancel outstanding deliveries hereunder wholly or in part.

23. Insurance, Liability and Indemnity

23.1. The Supplier shall carry and maintain insurance coverage necessary to be properly insured against all risks which may arise from or in connection with the performance of the Contract and, when requested by SWISSto12, the Supplier shall furnish satisfactory evidence of such insurance coverage. The Supplier shall be liable for all losses, damages, costs (including legal costs) and expenses, (whether direct, indirect, consequential, loss of anticipated profits or otherwise) suffered by SWISSto12 as a result of any breach of warranty by the Supplier, default by the Supplier in the performance of its obligations under a Purchase Order, misrepresentation by the Supplier or SWISSto12 terminating the Purchase Order pursuant to Clause 24.

23.2. The Supplier shall hold harmless and fully indemnify SWISSto12 from and against any and all liability for third party Intellectual property infringement and claims, death, illness or injury to any their part or for loss or damage to any third party’s property and against all claims, demands, proceedings and causes of action resulting directly or indirectly there from and arising out of any act or default on the part of the Supplier, its sub-suppliers, servants or agents in the performance of any of its obligations under this Contract including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any liability arising under any relevant product liability legislation which may apply from time to time

24.1. SWISSto12 shall have the right to terminate the Contract and/or any Purchase Order, in whole or in part, at any time by a written notice of termination whenever SWISSto12 determines such termination to be in SWISSto12’s best interest, provided, however, that SWISSto12 pays the Supplier for the cost of the Work and/or the Goods not reusable by the Supplier which are(i) already ordered and paid by the Supplier (ii) ready for shipment to SWISSto12 or (iii) in transit to SWISSto12 or (iv) actually delivered to SWISSto12 in accordance with these GTCP and the relevant Purchase Order.

24.2. SWISSto12 may cancel any Purchase Order by written notice to the Supplier, for any default of the Supplier which remained un remedied after ten (10) business days (unless otherwise agreed in writing) from the date of notice to remedy sent by SWISSto12 to the Supplier.

24.3. For the purpose of Clause 24, default of the Supplier shall also include insolvency of the Supplier, assignment for the benefit of creditors, bankruptcy or any similar proceedings. In the event of termination for default; SWISSto12 may purchase services and/or products similar to the Work and/or the Goods which remained undelivered by the Supplier, and the Supplier shall be liable to SWISSto12, for any costs for such similar goods in excess of the price agreed with Supplier pursuant to the relevant Purchase Order. In addition to the above rights, SWISSto12 may, at its option, require the Supplier to deliver to SWISSto12 any completed or uncompleted items, Work and/or Goods related to the Purchase Order.

25. Waiver and Severability

2

25.1. Failure or delay of SWISSto12 in exercising any of its rights under any Purchase Order shall in no way constitute a waiver of those rights nor shall such failure excuse the Supplier from any of its obligations under such Purchase Order.

25.2. No single or partial exercise of any right, power, privilege or remedy by SWISSto12 under this Purchase Order shall prevent any further or other exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy.

25.3. The rights, powers and remedies of SWISSto12 provided in GTCP are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights, powers or remedies provided by law or otherwise.

25.4. The Parties agree that if any part of the Contract and/or any Purchase Order is found to be invalid, void, unenforceable or unlawful under any enactment or rule of law pertaining thereto of any jurisdiction, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remainder of the Contract and/or the Purchase Order in that jurisdiction shall not be affected, and the legality, validity and enforceability of these GTCP shall not be affected in any other jurisdiction.

26. Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution

26.1. These GTCP and the Contract shall be governed, interpreted and construed by, under and pursuant to the substantive laws of Switzerland, without regard to conflict of laws principles thereof. The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.

26.2. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in relation with these GTCP and/or the Contract, including the validity, invalidity, breach or termination thereof, shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Geneva, Switzerland, the right of appeal to the Swiss Federal Tribunal being reserved.



5_ISSTO12-COM-PRODUCTS-WAVEGUIDE

| SWISSto2

Waveguide Solutions
Antenna Components
Electronically Steered Antenna Arrays

Highest performance waveguide solutions

Thanks to our proprietary D printing techniques, SWISSto12 waveguide routing solutions enable new Radio Frequency design freedom. Our RF components and sub-systems benefit from an optimized signal interconnect approach that delivers the lowest signal loss, mechanical bracketing and thermal management features while facilitating system integration (licensed from Airbus Defence and Space).

Loading 3D model This might take a minute.

1

2
Waveguide with built-in bracketing

3

Dense and complex waveguide routings are solved through multi-waveguide clusters designed on demand. Multiple waveguides along with their flanges, mechanical brackets and thermal management features are 3D printed in one single unit replacing what would traditionally be 10’s or 100’s of components (licensed from Airbus Defence and Space).

Waveguides: WR75 to WR19;
Up to 40 waveguides in one monolithic piece;
Return loss typically better than 30 dB;

11 waveguides, 5 different types;
200 mm average length;

Loading 3D model
This might take a minute.

Multiple waveguides merged into one unit. 3D printing allows for multiple waveguides to be merged into one unit which shares waveguide walls, flanges, mechanical brackets, thereby significantly facilitating system integration and optimizing weight (licensed from Airbus Defence and Space).

Waveguides: WR75 to WR19;
Multi-flange and wall mutualization;

Loading 3D model
This might take a minute.

Waveguide with built-in bracketing

With SWISSto12’s 3D printing, waveguides, flanges, mechanical brackets or thermal features are no longer thought of as separate components - rather, they are built into a single monolithic unit. This approach reduces part count, eases system integration and opens up a new avenue for system optimization through design.

Waveguide with built-in bracketing

Loading 3D model
This might take a minute.



6_ISSTO12-COM-ABOUT-U

-Swissto12Swissto12

AntennaComponents
ElectronicallySteered Antenna Arrays

About us

It all started when Emile de Rijk, now CEO of SWISSto12, was working on his PhD in novel Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy and Imaging at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne (EPFL). His challenge was to build a new generation of such devices, that required complex Radio Frequency components and systems.

Luckily, the university had state of the art precision manufacturing and 3D printing capabilities. In a classic case of necessity breeding invention, Emile began pioneering the use of 3D printing to create novel Radio Frequency components.

In 2011, SWISSto12 was spun out of EPFL. The name SWISSto12 has its origins in tradition and technology:

“Swiss”– to represent a tradition of precision craftsmanship as the company originally started in business with a portfolio of Radio Frequency products which rely on extremely precise mechanical geometries.

“to12” – in connection with the company’s first products, which were channelling signals atTeraHertz frequencies (1 THz = 10<sup>12</sup>Hz)

Hence SWISSto12, meaning “Swiss to the power of twelve”.

Fast forward to today, and SWISSto12 has over 30 patents in novel Radio Frequency solutions and is leading into the Satellite Telecoms industry with HummingSat – the first ever commercial GEO SmallSat.

Based in Switzerland, with facilities expanded into in the USA, SWISSto12 works with global aerospace and telecommunications corporations including Intelsat, ViaSat (Inmarsat) Thales, Lockheed Martin, and the European Space Agency. Together with our partners, we deliver advanced aerospace missions and next generation Satcom solutions to better connect and protect people worldwide.

SWISSto12 is backed by prominent Swiss and European investors including Contantia New Business, Swisscom, Swisscanto, Zürcher Kantonal. 

Our management team brings to SWISSto12 deep industry experience combined with a hands-on approach. 

Dr. Emile de Rijk

Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and 

Emile founded SWISSto12 in 2011 as a spinoff of his PhD in Physics he completed at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL). 
He drove the company from inception through technology validation, product development and qualification, operational scaling and delivery, sales and business expansion into the aerospace and telecommunications industry. 
Under his leadership SWISSto12 has grown into becoming an established provider of RF solutions and the first scale-up company to sell a Geostationary telecoms satellite to a global satellite operator with HummingSat. 
Over the course of his entrepreneurial journey, Emile has co-invented 15+ patents, raised 30+m$ of equity with renowned investors and signed 150+m$ of commercial contracts with leading aerospace and telecommunication customers. 
Emile holds a PhD in Physics from EPFL, and a Master in Physics from the University of Amsterdam.

Chief Product Officer (CPO)

Frank’s role at SWISSto12 is to work within the team, our customers and partners to develop and deliver cutting edge products that bring value to our customers and to the business. 
These activities include facilitating the product development lifecycle from opportunity analysis to delivery, as well as build our growing team. 
In addition to this, Frank also oversees the program management and engineering activities of our European team.
Frank holds a PhD in Telecom engineering from TU Munich. Frank served as Head of IoT operations and project execution at Nagravision, Kudelski Group and previously as Program manager at DLR (German Aerospace Center)

Chief Growth Officer (CGO)

Peter contributes with his vast executive experience and network as a space products provider to generate sustainable growth opportunities for SWISSto12. 
His main areas of focus are business development, partnerships, international business expansion, government relations. 
He also oversees the IT environment.
Peter holds a PhD in Computer science from ETH Zürich and an IMD executive MBA. Peter served as CEO of RUAG Space from 2008-2020 and previously as Head of automation products at ABB.

Chief Operations Officer (COO)

Jean-Marie’s role at SWISSto12 is to manage production, test, procurement, facilities and quality operations of the company to deliver on the business and growth of SWISSto12. 
This includes Manufacturing, Supply Chain management, Logistics, Quality Management, Maintenance and Facilities.
Jean-Marie holds a Master in Material science from UCL Belgium. 
Jean-Marie served in various roles across R&D management, plant management and general management of production sites at Bekaert, Sulzer Sorevi, Oerlikon

Franck is in charge of Finance at SWISSto12, helping us deliver sustainably and profitably on our growth trajectory while managing and controlling the financial assets and associated risks.
Franck holds a Master in Finance in Paris. 
He previously served in multiple CFO, financial management and controlling roles at Roche, Swatch group, Richmond and others.

Chief Technology Officer, HummingSat

When Mike and Emile first met, they immediately understood the value of developing satellite systems leveraging SWISSto12’s RF products USP. 
Over the course of their collaboration, they progressively matured the idea of developing a satellite product line, which today is brought to the market by HummingSat. 
Mike serves as the product line manager of HummingSat, which involves coordinating the activities between the various teams and locations contributing to the development and the various program executions of HummingSat as the partners and suppliers. 
With a vast network across satellite operator customers, Mike is also leading the business development efforts of HummingSat. 
Mike also leads to California office of SWISSto12.
Mike holds a Master in Aerospace engineering from Stanford and previously served as Director of Payload Engineering at Ruag Space and Program Manager at Space Systems Loral (now Maxar).

Hadar joined SWISSto12 to start the company’s commercial activities with customers in EMEA that have developed into key partnerships.
He also helped build and develop the company’s Surveillance product line. 
With a strong background in sales of RF products, Hadar is now helping us to develop our RF products and solutions sales across EMEA.

Managing Director of St12 RF Solutions Inc.

Scott leads a wholly owned subsidiary of SWISSto12 that is aimed at bringing SWISSto12’s RF products and solutions to U.S. customers to enable their next generation critical missions. 
Our team works directly with customers to develop their technical requirements and we provide Engineering, Program Management & Delivery on U.S. programs along with our partner Frontgrade who operate a manufacturing capability using SWISSto12’s IP and technology for our U.S. customers.
Scott holds a Master in Engineering Management from Drexel University. 
He previously served as Product Line Director at Spectrum Control, Sr Director and Site Lead at Advanced Acoustic Concepts and VP Program Management and Business Area VP at Cobham.

The board of directors 

Dr. Emile de Rijk

Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and 

Emile founded SWISSto12 in 2011 as a spinoff of his PhD in Physics he completed at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL).
He drove the company from inception through technology validation, product development and qualification, operational scaling and delivery, sales and business expansion into the aerospace and telecommunications industry.
Under his leadership SWISSto12 has grown into becoming an established provider of RF solutions and the first scale-up company to sell a Geostationary telecoms satellite to a global satellite operator with HummingSat.
Over the course of his entrepreneurial journey, Emile has co-invented 15+ patents, raised 30+m$ of equity with renowned investors and signed 150+m$ of commercial contracts with leading aerospace and telecommunication customers.
Emile holds a PhD in Physics from EPFL, and a Master in Physics from the University of Amsterdam.

Chairman of the board

Roland holds a Master of electrical engineering from EPFL.
He previously founded and was CEO of NewSat communications (merged with ITC Global) and subsequently COO & Chairman of ITC Global (acquired by Panasonic Avionics in 2015).

Philipp Thurn und Taxis

Board member

Philipp serves as founder and CEO of CNB Capital.
He holds a Master of Law from the University of Vienna, an MBA from Heriot-Watt University (Edinburgh Business School).
He previously served in various roles, including VP corporate development and Director of Global sales Operations at SAP.

Pär serves as Partner at Swisscom Ventures.
He holds a Master in Engineering Physics from Linköping University and an MBA from INSEAD.
He previously worked in various roles, including as Managing Director and co-founder of Miranet AB, and in the telecoms industry as Product Marketing Manager for Ericsson.

Board member

Nils serves as Senior Investment Director Private Equity at the Zürcher Kantonalbank.
He holds a Master in Mechanical Engineering from Linköping University and an MBA from INSEAD.
He previously worked in various roles, including Head of investments at Telia, investment management roles at Swisscom and Cartagena Capital and in the telecoms industry as Regional Manager for Ericsson.

Every single day people around the world depend on Inmarsat services. Our customers have demanding, and often safety critical, missions that rely on our satellite technology for links that can make the difference. The I-8’s will not only underpin our existing capabilities for the future; but enable ever more advanced safety innovations like SBAS that can ultimately help save more lives. We have chosen SWISSto12 because they have the ground-breaking technology that can make it a reality.

Peter Hadinger
Chief Technology Officer, Inmarsat

The SWISSto12 product brings two innovations to meet our business needs. The small size addresses a gap in our fleet strategy, enabling us to be increasingly more targeted to meet specific customer requirements. In addition, the additive-manufacturing process used for this spacecraft is paving the way for faster satellite build cycles in the future. We are confident in the HummingSat technology and want to support the success of new players in the field of commercial communication satellites.

Jean-Luc Froeliger
SVP Space Systems, Intelsat

HummingSat is a showcase for a successful ESA Partnership Project and we are delighted to support European and Canadian industry in this exciting new-space venture. The project has been set up in record time and within only a few months SWISSto12 has sold the first commercial HummingSat to global satellite operator Intelsat. ESA Partnership Projects federate the European and Canadian space industry around large-scale programmes, achieving competitive leaps forward and economic impact. They support end-to-end space systems from start-up to in-orbit validation, after which commercial partners operate the system.

Andreas Mauroschat
Partnership and Opportunity Satellites Programme Manager, ESA

Technical innovation is part of the DNA of Thales’s Microwave and Imaging Subsystems business, and we’re delighted to be collaborating with such a dynamic and agile company for the development of a state-of-the-art Ka-band SSPA product for Swissto12’s HummingSat platform.

Cécile Assié
VP Strategy and Marketing, Microwave and Imaging Subsystems, Thales

SWISSto12 provides a strong mix of innovative technical solutions and skilled talent. We look forward to strengthening this relationship as we build solutions for increasingly complex challenges in space.

Kyle Griffin
Vice President Advanced Program Development Groups Space, Lockheed Martin

If you are interested in joining one of Europe’s fastest-growing aerospace scale-ups with a customer-centric culture of engineering excellence, we’d like to hear from you.



7_ISSTO12-COM-HUMMINGSA

AntennaComponents
ElectronicallySteeredAntennaArrays

Our ground-breaking GEO SmallSat allows telecommunications operators to deploy a cost-efficient, compact and agile asset without sacrificing performance or security. 

A new category in Space 

HummingSat is the world’s first commercial GEO SmallSat. HummingSat’s capacity, coverage and cost enables brand new applications and business models for operators while revitalizing existing ones.

HummingSat differentiates from legacy GEO satellites: 

Up to 10x less mass

Significantly shorter build time

Up to 10x lower cost

Advanced Radio Frequency payloads

Equivalent cost of capacity at a fraction of the CapEx

Inmarsat selects SWISSto12’s HummingSat

Inmarsat, a world leader in global, mobile satellite communications, has announced that SWISSto12, one of Europe’s fastest growing aerospace providers, will develop its new eighth-generation of spacecraft.

HummingSat chosen by Intelsat

Intelsat, operator of the world’s largest integrated satellite and terrestrial network, chooses SWISSto12 to build Intelsat 45.

Partners of the European Space Agency 

SWISSto12 has partnered with the European Space Agency (ESA) for the development and launch of HummingSat, a satellite architecture for use across multiple commercial missions. As part of the partnership, ESA has invested €30 million in the development of the HummingSat product line and supports SWISSto12 with an expert team of ESA staff and specialists.  

HummingSat is making high-speed communications agile, scalable and highly cost-efficient. Talk to our team about your use-case.



8_ISSTO12-COM-PRODUC

AntennaComponents
ElectronicallySteered Antenna Arrays

SWISSto12 delivers qualified, flight ready, cutting edge RF components, subsystems and payloads for the satcom industry. Products are based on innovative materials and process technology that allows SWISSto12 to produce RF components and systems by 3D printing.

Swissto12 Routing and Waveguide Solutions



9_ISSTO12-COM-COOKIE-POLICY

CookiePolicy - Swissto12Swissto12

Antenna Components
Electronically Steered Antenna Arrays

Homepage / 

Cookie Policy

This Cookie Policy was last updated on September 6, 2023 and applies to citizens and legal permanent residents of the European Economic Area and .

Our website, https://swissto12.com (hereinafter: "the website") uses cookies and other related technologies (for convenience all technologies are referred to as "cookies"). Cookies are also placed by third parties we have engaged. In the document below we inform you about the use of cookies on our website.
2. What are cookies?

A cookie is a small simple file that is sent along with pages of this website and stored by your browser on the hard drive of your computer or another device. The information stored therein may be returned to our servers or to the servers of the relevant third parties during a subsequent visit.
3. What are scripts?

A script is a piece of program code that is used to make our website function properly and interactively. This code is executed on our server or on your device.
4. What is a web beacon?

A web beacon (or a pixel tag) is a small, invisible piece of text or image on a website that is used to monitor traffic on a website. In order to do this, various data about you is stored using web beacons.

5.1 Technical or functional cookies

Some cookies ensure that certain parts of the website work properly and that your user preferences remain known. By placing functional cookies, we make it easier for you to visit our website. This way, you do not need to repeatedly enter the same information when visiting our website and, for example, the items remain in your shopping cart until you have paid. We may place these cookies without your consent.

We use statistics cookies to optimize the website experience for our users. With these statistics cookies we get insights in the usage of our website. We ask your permission to place statistics cookies.

On this website we use advertising cookies, enabling us to gain insights into the campaign results. This happens based on a profile we create based on your behavior on https://swissto12.com. With these cookies you, as website visitor, are linked to a unique ID but these cookies will not profile your behavior and interests to serve personalized ads.

 cookies are cookies or any other form of local storage, used to create user profiles to display advertising or to track the user on this website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Because these cookies are marked as tracking cookies, we ask your permission to place these.

Consent to service 

We use Elementor for content creation. Read more

This data is not shared with third parties.

 (anonymous)

elementor

Store performed actions on the website

, Marketing/Tracking
Consent to service google-recaptcha

We use Google reCAPTCHA for spam prevention. Read more

For more information, please read the Google reCAPTCHA Privacy Statement.

al

Marketing/Tracking

Read and filter requests from bots

Read and filter requests from bots

Read and filter requests from bots

Consent to service google-analytics

We use Google Analytics for website statistics. Read more

For more information, please read the Google Analytics Privacy Statement.

Statistics

Store and count pageviews

Store and count pageviews

Statistics
Consent to service vimeo

We use Vimeo for video display. Read more

For more information, please read the Vimeo Privacy Statement.

Statistics

Store and track audience reach

Store the user's usage history

Consent to service miscellaneous

Sharing of data is pending investigation

Purpose pending investigation

Function

When you visit our website for the first time, we will show you a pop-up with an explanation about cookies. As soon as you click on "Accept", you consent to us using all cookies and plug-ins as described in the pop-up and this Cookie Policy. You can disable the use of cookies via your browser, but please note that our website may no longer work properly.

7.1 Manage your consent settingsYou have loaded the Cookie Policy without javascript support. On AMP, you can use the manage consent button on the bottom of the page.
8. Enabling/disabling and deleting cookies

You can use your internet browser to automatically or manually delete cookies. You can also specify that certain cookies may not be placed. Another option is to change the settings of your internet browser so that you receive a message each time a cookie is placed. For more information about these options, please refer to the instructions in the Help section of your browser.

Please note that our website may not work properly if all cookies are disabled. If you do delete the cookies in your browser, they will be placed again after your consent when you visit our website again.
9. Your rights with respect to personal data

You have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
You have the right to know why your personal data is needed, what will happen to it, and how long it will be retained for.
Right of access: You have the right to access your personal data that is known to us.
Right to rectification: you have the right to supplement, correct, have deleted or blocked your personal data whenever you wish.
If you give us your consent to process your data, you have the right to revoke that consent and to have your personal data deleted.
Right to transfer your data: you have the right to request all your personal data from the controller and transfer it in its entirety to another controller.
Right to object: you may object to the processing of your data. We comply with this, unless there are justified grounds for processing.

To exercise these rights, please contact us. Please refer to the contact details at the bottom of this Cookie Policy. If you have a complaint about how we handle your data, we would like to hear from you, but you also have the right to submit a complaint to the supervisory authority (the Data Protection Authority).

For questions and/or comments about our Cookie Policy and this statement, please contact us by using the following contact details:

SWISSto12 SA
Avenue des Baumettes 19

Switzerland

This Cookie Policy was synchronized with cookiedatabase.org on September 6, 2023.



10_ISSTO12-COM-PRODUCTS-ELINT-SIGIN

ElintAntenna | SWISSto12

Antenna Components
Electronically Steered Antenna Arrays

EW ELINT/SIGINT antenna systems for boosted mission capabilities

SWISSto12 develops broadband antenna systems using innovative designs and 3D printing with outstanding amplitude and phase tracking features. The latter are key in the next generation of ELINT/SIGINT applications. Solutions include ridged horns, spiral antennas, mechanical housings and radomes. Qualified for maritime or airborne. 

Phase-matched horn antenna arrays

SWISSto12 offers solutions for amplitude- and phase-matched antenna arrays over traditional EW ELINT/SIGINT frequency bands, typically between 2 and 40 GHz and occasionally up to millimeter-wave.

Standard models 2-6 GHz or 6-18 GHz or 18-40 GHz (other frequency bands available on demand);
Elements available over various polarization configurations;
High RF-power compatible;
State-of-the-art amplitude and phase tracking capabilities;
Maritime and airborne qualified radomes available.

Phase-matched horn antenna arrays

Loading 3D model
This might take a minute.

SWISSto12 uses additive manufacturing to facilitate manufacturing integration of highly repeatable and performing spiral antennas. These broadband devices offer an attractive solution for compact EW ELINT/SIGINT systems. 

Standard models from 2’’ to 5’’ diameter (other form-factors and custom mechanical designs available on demand);
Standard frequency bands 0.5 to 2 GHz or 1-18 GHz or 2-18 GHz (other frequency bands available on demand);

High RF-power compatible;
State-of-the-art amplitude and phase tracking capabilities;
Maritime and airborne qualified radomes available.

Loading 3D model
This might take a minute.



11_ISSTO12-COM-PRODUCTS-ELECTRONICALLY-STEERED-ANTENNA-ARRAY

ElectronicallySteered Antenna Arrays | SWISSto12

Antenna Components
Electronically Steered Antenna Arrays

Next generation active antennas for satellite communications

Active Antennas are the future of satellite communications. SWISSto12 exploits the new design avenues offered by its technology to develop highly optimized antennas for LEO, MEO, and GEO satellite missions. RF active electronics are developed with third-party partners and integrated by SWISSto12 into the active antenna systems. 

Electronically steered antenna array for LEO

LEO antennas have to steer beams over a very wide field of view. This requirement imposes severe constraints on the array elements, which previously had to be produced using lossy dialectrics. Leveraging our proprietary 3D-printing, we design and manufacture electrically small array elements in waveguide technology with unbeatably low losses. The arrays can include up to 500+ dual-polarized elements (horn, OMT-polarizer, filter) and are produced monolithically. The latter ensures an ultra-simple integration, making the antenna especially suited for satellite constellations.
Designs are available in Ku- and Ka-band.
Verified experimentally. Data available upon request.

Electronically steered antenna array for LEO

Loading 3D model
This might take a minute.

Electronically steered antenna array for GEO

Upcoming GEO flexible satellites will require arrays greater than 2m². To enable this, we take a modular approach to large arrays. Our modules are very light (up to 5 times lighter than conventional antennas), require minimal assembly and also simplify integration into the spacecraft. Other advantages include best-in-class RF performance, very low insertion loss, enhanced mechanical performance of the payload, ability to include thermal management features and design freedom when it comes to array shape.
Designs are available from X- to Q-band. Designs can be TX&RX or only-TX or only-RX.
Verified experimentally. Data available upon request.

Electronically steered antenna array for GEO

Loading 3D model
This might take a minute.



12_ISSTO12-COM-CONTAC

AntennaComponents
ElectronicallySteered Antenna Arrays

Homepage / 

SWISSto12 SAAvenue des Baumettes 19CH-1020 Renens, Switzerland

For media enquiries, use this email:

SWISSto12 Inc.1111 Triton Drive #201Foster City, CA 94404, USA

Contact Us

 Your Region
EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa)AmericaAPAC (Asia-Pacific)



13_ISSTO12-COM-THE-NEWS-PAGE-3

AntennaComponents
ElectronicallySteered Antenna Arrays

Collaboration with Maxar Technologies to bring innovative and complex D printed filters to space

Lausanne, Switzerland – December 9th, 020 - in collaboration with Maxar Technologies, a trusted partner and innovator in Earth Intelligence and Space Infrastructure, we have…

A large batch of 3D printed waveguide solutions has been delivered to Thales Alenia Space for the Eutelsat KONNECT VHTS program

Lausanne, Switzerland - September 30th 2020 – We are happy to announce we have delivered a large batch of mission critical waveguide signal interconnects to…

SWISSto2 takes off with NSLComm

Lausanne, Switzerland – Oct 1st 2019 - SWISSto12 a provider of 3D-printed telecommunications equipment for the satellite communications and aerospace industries, announced today the successful…

SWISSto12 raises $18.44 million

Lausanne, Switzerland – August 29, 2019 - SWISSto12, a leading provider of telecommunications equipment for the satellite and aerospace industries, announced today the closing of…

SWISSto12 to offer advanced payloads for mini-GEO telecom satellite missions

Santa Clara, CA – August 29, 2019 – SWISSto12, a provider of 3D-printed telecommunications equipment announced today the launch of its advanced payload products for…

SWISSto12’s 3D printed innovative Ka band antenna feed chain to fly in Q4 2018 on NSLSat1, the world’s highest throughput nanosatellite (N-HTS)

SWISSto12 has recently supplied a Ka band antenna feed chain for flight onto NSLSat-1 due for launch in end of Q4 2018. This telecommunication satellite…

RUAG Space and SWISSto12 partner to supply advanced active antenna solutions for high throughput satellites

The two companies partner to supply active phased array antenna products which are the backbone for future high throughput satellites from low-earth to geostationary orbit.…

Thales Alenia Space and SWISSto12 enter into agreement to setup a digitalised and highly effective spacecraft waveguide supply chain

Thales Alenia Space and SWISSto12 entered into agreement during the Satellite 2018 show in Washington DC. Both companies will work and innovate together by setting…

1
2
3

Stay up to date
Sign up here to receive email updates on SWISSto12 news.

Leave this field empty if you're human: 
By signing up, you agree to SWISSto12’s Privacy Policy



14_ISSTO12-COM-PRIVACY-POLICY

LEGALNOTICE - Swissto12Swissto12

Antenna Components
Electronically Steered Antenna Arrays

Homepage / 

LEGAL NOTICE

This website is only intended to provide general information about SWISSto12 SA, its products and activities worldwide. SWISSto12 SA reserves the right to delete, modify or supplement the content of this site at any time for any reason without notification.

Personal information about yourself and your activity is collected on a voluntary basis throughout the available contact forms. All this information will be stored, processed and distributed internally exclusively for assisting you individually, for sending product information or for submitting service offers. SWISSto12 SA will not share personal information you provide to other companies or individuals without your permission, unless required by law or for other legal purposes.

The text, images, graphics, sound files, animation files, video files and their arrangement on this website are all subject to Copyright and other intellectual property protection. These objects may not be copied for commercial use or distribution, nor may these objects be modified or reposted to other sites. This website might contain pictures or other materials that are covered by third-party copyright. Unless otherwise stated, all brands on this website are protected by trademark law. This applies in particular to SWISSto12 SA brands, company logos, slogans, designs and emblems.

Information on this website is provided “as is” and without warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, including (but not limited to) any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose, or non-infringement. While the information provided is believed to be accurate, it may include errors or inaccuracies.

This website may contain links to other websites not controlled or operated by SWISSto12 SA. These links are for your convenience only and shall not constitute any kind of liability of SWISSto12 SA whatsoever. SWISSto12 SA does not endorse information contained on linked websites.



15_ISSTO12-COM-THE-NE

AntennaComponents
ElectronicallySteered Antenna Arrays

SWISSto continues expansion with additional production space, growing team by adding leading Satcom Engineers

SWISSto12 adds an additional 1,200m2 of production space, including a large clean room, to its existing 4,500m2 site in Renens, Switzerland SatCom veteran Peter Bach…

SWISSto12 named by Via Satellite as one of “10 Hottest Companies” in Annual Shortlist

SWISSto12, one of Europe’s fastest-growing aerospace companies and a leading manufacturer of advanced satellite payloads and Radio-Frequency (RF) systems, has been named by Via Satellite…

SWISSto12 marks a year of stellar growth

SWISSto12, one of Europe’s fastest-growing aerospace companies and a leading manufacturer of advanced satellite payloads and Radio-Frequency (RF) systems, is celebrating 202 as a landmark…

HummingSat: A New Chapter in Space Innovation Unveiled

The HummingSat range of satellites, named after the tiny, agile, fast-moving, and yet apparently stationary hummingbird, are being developed under an ARTES Partnership Project between…

SWISSto12 announces development of Active Electronically Steerable Antennas in collaboration with Thales

SWISSto12 collaborates with Thales for the development of Active Electronically Steerable Antennas (AESAs) for Satcom-on-the-move market, with a focus on airborne, land and maritime vehicles. …

SWISSto12 Secures CHF 25 Million (€26.15million) Working Capital Financing Facility from UBS for HummingSat Satellite Business

SWISSto12, one of Europe’s fastest growing satellite and Radio Frequency product manufacturers, has announced securing a CHF 25 million (€26.15 million) working capital facility from…

Inmarsat selects SWISSto12’s HummingSat for I-8 Satellites to power L-band network

The satellite operator has announced its new Inmarsat-8 small satellites will launch in 2026 to provide crucial safety services and support advances in emergency tracking.…

Intelsat chooses SWISSto12 to build Intelsat 45, a landmark for next generation geostationary satellites

Intelsat becomes first commercial customer for SWISSto12’s innovative HummingSat geostationary telecommunications satellite, developed with its patented 3D printing technology in collaboration with the European Space…

SWISSto12 HummingSat product line secures strong support at ESA Ministerial Council

Lausanne, Switzerland, January 18 2023 SWISSto12, Switzerland’s fastest-growing aerospace company and a leading manufacturer of advanced satellite payloads and systems, today announced that the HummingSat…

SWISSto12 launches US entity St12 RF Solutions Inc, to boost engagement with US Aerospace customers

Newly incorporated St12 RF Solutions, Inc. will collaborate with US partner Frontgrade Technologies to deliver complex differentiated RF solutions to the US Aerospace market to…

HummingSat passes Systems Review milestone with ESA

An innovative small-sized satellite product line for geostationary telecommunications has passed its ESA system requirements review and received its official name of "HummingSat". The slimline…

SWISSto12 and PROFEN announce strategic partnership to bring industry-leading satellite connectivity solutions to Turkey’s aerospace market

Lausanne, Switzerland and Istanbul, Turkey, 09 March 2023 SWISSto12, Switzerland’s fastest-growing aerospace company and a leading manufacturer of advanced Radio Frequency (RF) products and systems,…

1
2
3

Stay up to date
Sign up here to receive email updates on SWISSto12 news.

Leave this field empty if you're human: 
By signing up, you agree to SWISSto12’s Privacy Policy



16_ISSTO12-COM-SWISSTO12-CONTINUES-EXPANSION-WITH-ADDITIONAL-PRODUCTION-SPACE-GROWING-TEAM-BY-ADDING-LEADING-SATCOM-ENGINEER

SWISSto12continuesexpansion with additional production space, growing team by adding leading Satcom Engineers - Swissto12Swissto12

Antenna Components
Electronically Steered Antenna Arrays

Homepage  /  news  /  SWISSto12 continues expansion with additional...

SWISSto12 continues expansion with additional production space, growing team by adding leading Satcom Engineers 

SWISSto12 adds an additional 1,200m2 of production space, including a large clean room, to its existing 4,500m2 site in Renens, Switzerland
SatCom veteran Peter Bach Andersen joins SWISSto12 team, working closely with the company’s new Denmark presence
Company increases its headcount to over 125 employees across its facilities in Switzerland, Europe and the USA

SWISSto12, one of Europe’s fastest growing aerospace companies and a leading satellite and Radio Frequency product manufacturer, announces its continued global expansion. The company has secured additional production space at its headquarters in Switzerland, almost doubling the size of its existing site to 5,700m2. In addition, SWISSto12 has welcomed several new Satcom engineering experts to its growing team, which has increased by 25% since the start of 2024 to over 125 employees working across its facilities in Switzerland, Europe and the USA.

SWISSto12 was recently named as one of the world’s “10 Hottest Satellite Companies”. This industry recognition follows the company’s announcement in Q4 2023 of securing over €200 million in customer orders for Radio Frequency subsystems and HummingSat satellites, including from leading satellite operators Inmarsat (Viasat) and Intelsat.

Industry veteran Peter Bach Andersen started working with the SWISSto12 team in November 2023 along with colleagues based out of Denmark. Peter Bach Anderson previously spent eleven years at Cobham Satcom in Kongens Lyngby, Denmark where he led the development of new RF, Microwave and Antenna technologies. 

Peter Bach Andersen, Principal SatCom Systems Engineer, said, “Denmark is a world-renowned hub for aerospace and SatCom engineering. SWISSto12 has started to partner with a number of significant experts in the local area across Radio Frequency engineering and development roles and I look forward to collaborating with Swissto12 on their exciting Satcom projects.” 

Emile de Rijk, CEO of SWISSto12 said: “SWISSto12 is continuing to scale in order to meet exceptional customer demand for our Radio Frequency subsystems and HummingSat – and the first commercial GEO SmallSat. Our work with the Danish experts now provides SWISSto12 with access to one of Europe’s leading aerospace and SatCom engineering talent pools. The addition of new production space and a new additional cleanroom to our Renens headquarters is further accelerating our mission to industrialise and scale our product lines and production capabilities.”

SWISSto12 will be exhibiting at Satellite 2024 in Washington DC 18 -21 March 2024 at Booth #1408. On 19 March, SWISSto12 CEO Emile de Rijk will be speaking at Satellite 2024 on “Assuring Quality-of-Service at Sea: Maritime Satellite Connectivity”.

About SWISSto12SWISSto12 is a leading manufacturer of advanced satellite RF products, payloads and systems, including the HummingSat: a small yet powerful geostationary telecommunications satellite developed in collaboration with the European Space Agency (ESA) through its public-private-partnership program. The company’s RF products benefit from unique and patented 3D-printing technologies and associated Radio Frequency (RF) product designs that deliver lightweight, compact, highly performing, and competitive RF functionality. Besides its space portfolio, the company is also active in telecommunications and surveillance applications for the aeronautic industry. SWISSto12 has developed commercially with success in Europe and in the USA, and is amongst the fastest growing aerospace companies in Europe. SWISSto12 spun off in 2011 from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne (EPFL), is privately owned and backed by prominent Swiss and European Investors.For interviews and media assets, enquiries, contact:

Olly Cooper, Senior Account Director, ThoughtLDR[email protected]+44 (0)7957 004545



18_ISSTO12-COM-COMPANY-MULTIMEDIA

AntennaComponents
ElectronicallySteeredAntennaArrays



19_ISSTO12-COM-SWISSTO12-SECURES-CHF-25-MILLION-E26-15MILLION-WORKING-CAPITAL-FINANCING-FACILITY-FROM-UBS-FOR-HUMMINGSAT-SATELLITE-BUSINE

SWISSto12SecuresCHF25 Million (€26.15million) Working Capital Financing Facility from UBS for Satellite Business - Swissto12Swissto12

HummingSat

Antenna Components
Electronically Steered Antenna Arrays

Homepage  /  news  /  SWISSto12 Secures CHF 25 Million...

SWISSto12 Secures CHF 25 Million (€26.15million) Working Capital Financing Facility from UBS for HummingSat Satellite Business 

SWISSto12, one of Europe’s fastest growing satellite and Radio Frequency product manufacturers, has announced securing a CHF 25 million (€26.15 million) working capital facility from UBS Switzerland AG, the multinational universal bank. The facility will provide SWISSto12 with flexible growth capital to meet strong customer demand for its geostationary SmallSat HummingSat.

Since the company was founded in 2011, SWISSto12 has raised over €50 million in venture capital from prominent Swiss and European investors including Constantia New Business (CNB Capital), Swisscom Ventures, Swisscanto and Zürcher Kantonalbank (ZKB). In addition to its growing Radio Frequency product and subsystem business, SWISSto12’s partnership project with the European Space Agency (ESA) has secured over €30 million of support to design the HummingSat platform – the first SmallSat for geostationary orbit.

In 2022, SWISSto12 announced securing a deal to supply a HummingSat satellite to Intelsat, followed in May 2023 by a deal to supply three HummingSats to Inmarsat (acq. Viasat 2023). The company currently has more than €200 million in back orders from customers across its Radio Frequency products and subsystems business, partnership with ESA and recent HummingSat contracts.

 Pär Lange, Partner, Swisscom Ventures said, “SWISSto12 is the first ever growth-stage company to sell a whole geostationary satellite to global satellite operators – testament to the uniquely transformative market potential of the HummingSat platform and the team’s technical and commercial acumen. Having generated over €200 million in customer orders, SWISSto12 is also one of the few growth-stage companies able to secure a growth facility of this magnitude from a multinational bank such as UBS – the company is in a tremendously good position to reinvigorate the geostationary communications market on which billions of people depend for broadband, broadcast and safety services.”

Peter Gisler, CEO SERV, said the following: “As the Swiss Export Risk Insurance SERV, we are pleased to help enable this partnership between SWISSto12 and UBS and support SWISSto12 as it seizes new growth opportunities in the global satellite market.”

Emile de Rijk, Founder and CEO of SWISSto12 said, “This CHF 25 million working capital facility with UBS gives us additional agility to execute on the manufacturing and delivery of our first HummingSats and address strong customer demand. With HummingSat, SWISSto12 is creating a new class of agile, high performance SmallSat for geostationary orbit that is approximately three to five times smaller and lower cost than conventional geostationary satellites, while still reliably delivering critical services. We’re excited to build on customer demand from global satellite operators and national governments with our innovative geostationary communications satellites that will better connect and protect users worldwide.”

ABOUT SWISSto12: SWISSto12 is a leading manufacturer of advanced satellite payloads and systems, including the HummingSat: a small yet powerful geostationary telecommunications satellite developed in collaboration with the European Space Agency (ESA) through its public-private-partnership program. HummingSat customers include Intelsat and Inmarsat (acq. Viasat 2023.) SWISSto12’s satellites and payloads benefit from the company’s unique and patented 3D-printing technologies and associated Radio Frequency (RF) product designs that deliver lightweight, compact, highly performing, and competitive RF functionality. Besides its space portfolio, the company is also active in telecommunications, surveillance and radar applications for the aeronautic industry. SWISSto12 has developed commercially with success in Europe, the USA and Israel and is amongst the fastest growing aerospace companies in Europe. SWISSto12 spun off in 2011 from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne (EPFL), is privately owned and backed by prominent Swiss and European Investors.

About UBS: UBS convenes the global ecosystem for investing, where people and ideas are connected and opportunities brought to life, and provides financial advice and solutions to wealthy, institutional and corporate clients worldwide, as well as to private clients in Switzerland. UBS offers investment solutions, products and impactful thought leadership, is the leading global wealth manager, provides large-scale and diversified asset management, focused investment banking capabilities, and personal and corporate banking services in Switzerland. The firm focuses on businesses that have a strong competitive position in their target markets, are capital efficient and have an attractive long-term structural growth or profitability outlook. UBS is present in all major financial centers worldwide. It has offices in more than 50 regions and locations, with about 30% of its employees working in the Americas, 30% in Switzerland, 19% in the rest of Europe, the Middle East and Africa and 21% in Asia Pacific. UBS Group AG employs more than 100,000 people around the world. Its shares are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE).



20_ISSTO12-COM--PAGE_ID-555

| Page not foundSwissto12

Antenna Components
Electronically Steered Antenna Arrays

There has been an error processing your request



21_ISSTO12-COM-INTELSAT-CHOOSES-SWISSTO12-TO-BUILD-INTELSAT-45

IntelsatchoosesSWISSto12 to build Intelsat 45, a landmark for next generation geostationary satellites - Swissto12Swissto12

Antenna Components
Electronically Steered Antenna Arrays

Homepage  /  news  /  Intelsat chooses SWISSto12 to build...

Intelsat chooses SWISSto12 to build Intelsat 45, a landmark for next generation geostationary satellites 

Intelsat becomes first commercial customer for SWISSto12’s innovative HummingSat geostationary telecommunications satellite, developed with its patented 3D printing technology in collaboration with the European Space Agency

Lausanne, Switzerland, November 07 2022

SWISSto12, Switzerland’s fastest-growing aerospace company and a leading manufacturer of advanced satellite payloads and systems, and Intelsat, operator of the world’s largest integrated satellite and terrestrial network today announced that SWISSto12 will produce the Intelsat 45 satellite based on its innovative HummingSat product line.

Scheduled for launch in 2025, Intelsat 45 (IS-45) will provide Ku-band fixed-satellite services enabling Intelsat to provide specialized and efficient service to Media and Network customers.

Dr. Emile de Rijk, SWISSto12 founder and CEO, said: “The award of the IS-45 program by Intelsat is a landmark moment for SWISSto12. We are humbled to embark on this journey with Intelsat, who are the foundational architects of satellite communications. It is unprecedented for a specialist high growth scale up to secure a contract of this depth with a leading telecommunications operator. It provides a solid start to our HummingSat product line to open a new chapter in the satellite communications industry”

Jean-Luc Froeliger, SVP Space Systems at Intelsat, said: “The SWISSto12 product brings two innovations to meet our business needs. The small size addresses a gap in our fleet strategy, enabling us to be increasingly more targeted to meet specific customer requirements. In addition, the additive-manufacturing process used for this spacecraft is paving the way for faster satellite build cycles in the future. We are confident in the HummingSat technology and want to support the success of new players in the field of commercial communication satellites.”

SWISSto12’s HummingSat is a small, innovative telecommunications satellite developed in collaboration with the European Space Agency (ESA) through its public-private-partnership program. Benefiting from unique and patented 3D printing technologies.

Named after the tiny, agile, fast-moving and yet apparently stationary hummingbird, HummingSats are just over one cubic metre in volume, which is three to ten times smaller than conventional satellites that are placed in geostationary orbit, some 36 000 kilometres above Earth. It complements the much larger legacy spacecrafts commercialized by established companies, by providing a cost-effective opportunity to boost and expand capacity where needed. Each HummingSat is designed to launch as a rideshare mission on a rocket carrying one or more large spacecraft to orbit. The new satellite product line recently passed its system requirements review, assessed by a panel of ESA experts.

Geordie Hazeel, Keskt CNC – [email protected] – +49 162 2694982

Maximillian Fett, Keskt CNC – [email protected] – +49 174 6390222

Intelsat press release: https://www.intelsat.com/newsroom/intelsat-chooses-swissto12-to-build-intelsat-45/

SWISSto12 is a leading manufacturer of advanced satellite payloads and systems, including the HummingSat: a small yet powerful geostationary telecommunications satellite. The company’s satellites and payloads benefit from unique and patented 3D printing technologies and associated Radio Frequency (RF) product designs that deliver lightweight, compact, highly performing, and competitive RF functionality.

Besides its space portfolio, the company is also active in telecommunications and surveillance applications for the aeronautic industry. SWISSto12 has developed commercially with success in Europe and in the USA, and is the fastest growing Swiss aerospace company. SWISSto12 spun off in 2011 from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne (EPFL), is privately owned and backed by prominent Swiss and European Investors. Learn more about us: www.swissto12.ch

As the foundational architects of satellite technology, Intelsat operates the world’s most trusted satellite telecom network. We apply our unparalleled expertise and global scale to connect people, businesses, and communities, no matter how difficult the challenge.

Intelsat is building the future of global communications with the world’s first hybrid, multi-orbit, software-defined 5G network designed for simple, seamless, and secure coverage precisely when and where our customers most need it. Follow the leader in global connectivity and “Imagine Here,” with us, at Intelsat.com.



22_ISSTO12-COM-TERMS-AND-CONDITION

GeneralTerms and Conditions of Sale - Swissto12Swissto12

Antenna Components
Electronically Steered Antenna Arrays

Homepage / General Terms and Conditions of Sale

General Terms and Conditions of Sale

For Products and Services of SWISSto12 SA – June 2022

1.1 These general terms and conditions of sale (the “GTCS“) apply to the contractual relationship between SWISSto12 SA (CHE-370.774.769), a company incorporated under the laws of Switzerland, with its registered office at Avenue des Baumettes 19, 1020 Renens (VD), Switzerland (“SWISSto12“) and its clients (each, a “Client“; SWISSto12 and the Client, collectively, the “Parties“, and each, individually, a “Party“).

1.2 These GTCS apply concurrently with the specific purchase order(s) placed by the Client and approved by SWISSto12 in writing, including its or their annexes and schedules (each, a “Purchase Order”), which together constitute the sale contract between the Parties (the “Contract”). In case of conflicts or discrepancies between the Purchase Order, its annexes and schedules, and these GTCS, these documents shall prevail in the following decreasing order of priority:
the Purchase Order;the annexes and/or schedules to the Purchase Order (excluding any other terms and conditions, in particular any general terms and conditions of the Client); andthese GTCS.

1.3 Unless specifically agreed otherwise by the Parties in writing, these GTCS apply exclusively, and any other general terms and conditions, in particular any general terms and conditions of the Client, are excluded and shall not apply.

1.4 SWISSto12 reserves the right to amend these GTCS at any time. SWISSto12 shall inform the Client of such amendments by any appropriate means, including by email or by publishing the amended GTCS on SWISSto12’s website. The Client is responsible for checking SWISSto12’s website regularly. Unless SWISSto12 receives written notice of objection within 30 (thirty) calendar days of informing the Client, the amended GTCS shall be deemed approved by the Client without reservation.

2. Scope of Work

2.1 SWISSto12 shall provide the products and/or services set out in any Purchase Order (collectively, the “Work” or the “Goods”).

2.2 SWISSto12 shall carry out the Work, and deliver the Goods, respectively, as set out in the relevant Purchase Order.

3. Offers and Orders

3.1 Costs estimates, offers and/or quotes made by SWISSto12 are indicative only and do not bind SWISSto12 in any way. Upon receipt of a Purchase Order from the Client, SWISSto12 provides a confirmation order that settles the contractual relationship terms. Only upon reception of such confirmation order shall the Purchase Order be considered as accepted.

3.2 Any oral arrangement or commitment requires a written confirmation from SWISSto12 to enter in force. Offers made by SWISSto12 shall remain valid for 30 (thirty) calendar days.

4.1 In case the Client is willing to change the terms and conditions of the Work and/or the Goods under any Purchase Order, the Client shall provide SWISSto12 with a proposed change order detailing such changes (each, a “Change Order”).

4.2 Any Change Order placed by the Client shall become valid only when approved by SWISSto12 in writing. Such an approved Change Order will serve as an amendment to the Purchase Order and shall be an integral part of the Contract. The terms and conditions of the Purchase Order, other than those amended by the Change Order, shall apply unchanged.

5.1 Purchase Orders accepted by SWISSto12 are subject to cancellation by the Client only upon the prior written consent of SWISSto12. Upon a valid cancellation, SWISSto12 shall cease work and hold for the Client all completed and partially completed articles and work in progress and the Client shall pay SWISSto12 for all work and materials that have been committed to and/or identified to the Client’s Purchase Order plus a 10% cancellation charge.

6. Price and Customs Formalities

6.1 The Price for the Work and/or the Goods shall be as detailed in the relevant Purchase Order (the “Price”).

6.2 Prices estimated or quoted by SWISSto12 are expressed in Swiss Francs (CHF) and “Ex Works” (“EXW”, Incoterms 2021). Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, prices shall be estimated or quoted net, excluding in particular value added taxes (VAT), delivery works, delivery costs, packing costs, insurances costs, express service charges, and custom taxes, where applicable. These costs shall be borne by the Client and will be invoiced upon delivery of the Work and/or the Goods.

6.3 With the prior written consent of SWISSto12, other terms, like insurance, can be considered, provided that the Client will bear additional costs.

7.1 Unless otherwise agreed upon in writing, 20% of the Price shall be paid by the Client within 30 (thirty) days from placement of a Purchase Order.

7.2 The remaining 80% of the Price shall be payable by the Client within 30 (thirty) days from the date of the invoice issued by SWISSto12.

7.3 In case the Client is in default for the payment of one or several invoices, SWISSto12 shall charge a default interest at a rate of 1.5% per month, starting 30 (thirty) calendar days from the date of the invoice.

8.1 The Purchase Order and the annexes and/or schedules thereto shall define the time and place of delivery/performance of the products and/or services being part of the Work and/or the Goods.

8.2 Unless specifically agreed otherwise by the Parties in writing, the agreed date of delivery corresponds to the date when the Work and/or the Goods leave SWISSto12’s premises. The time for delivery will be considered as met when SWISSto12 hands over the Work and/or the Goods concerned to the Client or carrier at the agreed time.

8.3 If the Work and/or the Goods includes the provision of technical and/or quality documentation, such documentation shall form an integral part of the Work and/or the Goods.

8.4 If SWISSto12 cannot comply with a delivery time for any cause other than the willful default of Swissto12 (e.g., unfulfilled obligation of the Client to cooperate or default of third parties), the delivery time shall be extended appropriately and SWISSto12 shall not be held liable for any loss or damage incurred by the Client.

8.5 SWISSto12 accepts no liability for delays in delivery by any carrier.

9.1 When SWISSto12’s Work and/or Goods are integrated by the Client in its own products, SWISSto12 provides ICD (Interface Control Drawings), to assure that the manufactured products will fit the external interface points as per the Client’s specifications. This task is to be considered part of SWISSto12 services.

9.2 The Client agrees that the necessary technical data for SWISSto12’s performance of the tasks under the Purchase Order shall be provided to SWISSto12 and agreed upon before SWISSto12 can start the manufacturing of the ordered Work and/or Goods. Failure to provide the requested data in a timely manner and in a complete and correct form will directly impact SWISSto12’s ability to comply with an eventually agreed delivery date. Such situation would consequently free SWISSto12 from complying with such original delivery date.

9.3 SWISSto12 shall not be liable for any incorrect, contradictory, and incomplete data given by the Client; any consequences arising from the above shall be borne by the Client. Furthermore, SWISSto12 shall not be held responsible for verifying whether layouts, technical data or information delivered to SWISSto12 are correct, complete or do not contradict each other.

10. Transfer of Ownership and Risks

10.1 The transfer to the Client of ownership and risks to products that are part of the Work and/or the Goods shall take place upon delivery of such products at the place of delivery defined in the Purchase Order.

10.2 If the delivery is delayed at the request of the Client by more than 30 (thirty) calendar days, SWISSto12 shall be entitled to receive a fair compensation for the storage of the goods. The Client bears the risks in regard to the Work and/or the Goods in case of delay, even if the Work and/or the Goods are stored by SWISSto12.

11. Reservation of Ownership

11.1 All goods supplied by SWISSto12 remain property of SWISSto12 until receipt of payment in full.

11.2 The Client is obliged to provide adequate storage of goods and to protect them from fire, theft, floods or other risks at its own expense as long as SWISSto12 holds the ownership title.

11.3 All tooling or instruments, standard or custom made for the production of the SWISSto12 products remain the sole property of SWISSto12. This applies even when the customer has paid a part or whole of such tooling or instruments.

12. Subcontracting and Assignment

12.1 SWISSto12 reserves the rights to use subcontractors necessary for the provision of the Work and/or the Goods.

12.2 SWISSto12 shall be entitled to assign any of its rights and obligations under the Contract to any of its affiliates.

12.3 The Client may not assign or transfer, in whole or in part, or delegate all or any portion of its respective rights or obligations hereunder and/or the Contract without the prior written consent of SWISSto12. Any assignment, transfer or delegation made without such consent shall be null and void.

13. Inspection and Acceptance

13.1 The Client is required to carry out a complete and thorough inspection of the Work and/or the Goods upon receipt and to send a written notice to SWISSto12 of any defect, damage, missing components or problems without any delay, but within 7 (seven) days of receipt of the Work and/or the Goods provided by SWISSto12. In case no such written notice is addressed to SWISSto12, the Work and/or the Goods shall be deemed accepted.

13.2 In the event that the Client notifies a defect or problem according to clause 13.1, SWISSto12 will determine the actions to be undertaken to remedy the problem. No return of products shall be made without authorization of SWISSto12.

13.3 Minor variations in materials, surface and color, which are due to the nature of the manufacturing process and do not affect the capabilities of the Work and/or the Goods, do not entitle the Client to make any complaint and are not considered defects. Work and/or Goods purchased on the basis of weight are subject to customary quantity variations recognized by practice in the industry. In the event the Client has any doubt concerning the minor variations, it shall contact SWISSto12 for further explanations.

13.4 All costs incurred and damages sustained by SWISSto12 as a result of inspections or rejections made under the provisions hereof shall be borne by the Client.

14.1 SWISSto12 warrants to the Client that its Work complies with the specifications of the Purchase Order, and that it has been performed in full compliance with the rules of the trade and with due care and diligence. If a product ordered has a limited shelf life; the material shall be identified on each container with the applicable specification, lot number, date of manufacture, and expiration date.

14.2 The foregoing warranty is SWISSto12’s sole warranty with respect to these products. All other warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose or warranty claims deducted from information contained in catalogues, brochures or other written or oral statements are hereby disclaimed. SWISSto12’s liability for breach of warranty hereunder is limited solely to the replacement of the defective Work and/or Goods, which shall be returned to SWISSto12’s plant, transportation charges prepaid by the Client; the failure to give notice of a warranty claim and to exactly describes the type of defect within 15 (fifteen) calendar days from date of delivery shall constitute a waiver by the Client of all claims in respect to such Goods. The foregoing shall constitute the sole remedy of the Client and the sole liability of SWISSto12 under this warranty.

14.3 The warranty period is 12 (twelve) months from the date of the delivery.

14.4 SWISSto12 only provides warranty on Work and/or Goods for their defined purpose. SWISSto12 assumes that suitably qualified and trained personnel will use its Work and/or Goods. SWISSto12 accepts no responsibility with respect to production data and orders received if they are due to incomplete, incorrect or concealed data. No warranty is provided in cases where the points mentioned under this clause 14.4 are not respected.

14.5 Defects resulting from assembly after delivery, insufficient set-up, non-observance of installation requirements and conditions of use, excessive use of parts beyond the performance advised by SWISSto12, negligent or improper treatment or use of unsuitable operating materials shall be excluded from warranty. SWISSto12 shall not be liable for damage cause by acts of third parties. Furthermore, warranty shall forfeit immediately if the Client itself or a third party that has not been authorized by SWISSto12 repairs the delivered items without the written consent of SWISSto12.

14.6 Assertion of a defect shall not release the Client from its payment obligation. Furthermore, should a defect have been identified by the Client, any disposal of the Goods without the express consent of SWISSto12 shall be unacceptable.

14.7 In no case, the warranty shall extend further than the net value of the delivered item. Prototyped products are not subject to any warranty.

15.1 SWISSto12 is only liable in case of breach of the Contract caused through willful misconduct or gross negligence. Liability for auxiliaries is expressly excluded.

16. Third Party Rights

16.1 The Client agrees to save and hold SWISSto12 harmless from any claims, demands, liabilities, costs, expenses or judgments arising in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, out of the negligence or lack of care by the Client or the Client’s customers, agents, employees or invitees involving the use of the Work and/or the Goods supplied by SWISSto12.

16.2 Such indemnification shall include all costs, attorney’s fees and other expenses paid or incurred by or imposed upon SWISSto12 in connection with the defense of any such claim.

17.1 Any concept, discovery, invention, development, research, technology, work of authorship, trade secret, software, firmware, content, material, tool, process, technique, know how, data, plan, device, apparatus, specification, design, prototype, circuit, layout, algorithm, program, code, documentation, catalogues, brochures illustrations or other material or information, tangible or intangible, whether it may be patented, copyrighted, trademarked or otherwise protected (collectively “IP”), which was created, discovered, developed, owned or controlled by SWISSto12 shall remain at all times the property of SWISSto12.

17.2 The Client shall have a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use SWISSto12’s IP to the extent strictly necessary for the purpose of using the Work and/or the Good which are the subject of the Contract.

17.3 SWISSto12 shall have a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Client’s IP to the extent strictly necessary for the purpose of the Contract. The Client represents and warrants to SWISSto12 that it is the sole legal and beneficial owner of all such IP. In particular, the Client guarantees that it is the owner of all rights on layouts, technical data or information for which it requests services or products from SWISSto12. The Client shall not knowingly infringe on any third-party intellectual property rights. SWISSto12 shall not be held responsible for verifying whether layouts, technical data or information delivered to SWISSto12 infringe any existing IP rights, copyrights or patents.

17.4 The Parties shall treat all IP as Confidential Information (as defined below).

17.5 SWISSto12 owns the intellectual property on its production processes and designs. SWISSto12 reserves the right to reproduce the layouts produced by itself. Except as otherwise specifically set forth herein or in the Contract, nothing contained herein or the Contract nor the delivery of any product by SWISSto12 or the provision of any services by SWISSto12 shall be deemed to grant the Client any rights or licenses over any IP of SWISSto12.

17.6 The Client shall hold SWISSto12 harmless and shall fully indemnify SWISSto12 and be liable from, all losses, damages, liabilities, actions, suits, claims, proceedings, demands, costs and expenses which may arise from, or be incurred by reason of, any infringement, violation, alleged infringement or alleged violation of any third party patent, design, trademark, name, copyright or other protected right in respect of the Work and/or the Goods sold hereunder and any other plant, machinery, tools, goods, process, work, material, matter, think or method used or supplied by or on behalf of the Client.

17.7 The Client will not assert or transfer to any third party a right to assert against SWISSto12 or SWISSto12’s customers any IP that the Client has or may have that are applicable to the Work and/or the Goods used or furnished under the Purchase Order.’

17.8 SWISSto12 shall not be liable for any incorrect, contradictory, and incomplete information given by the Client; any consequences arising from the above shall be borne by the Client.

18.1 “Confidential Information” shall mean and include any and all proprietary and/or non-public information and materials disclosed by a Party (the “Disclosing Party”) to the other Party (the “Receiving Party”), or otherwise received or obtained by the Receiving Party, in view or in connection with the Contract, whether technical, commercial, financial, or otherwise (in oral, written, or any other form), and including any and all in any form or stage of development, and any other subject matter, material, or information that is considered to be proprietary or confidential and/or that otherwise qualifies for protection under any law providing or creating intellectual property rights. Information and materials will be considered Confidential Information regardless of the form or manner of disclosure or whether or not it is marked as “Confidential” or with a similar label. Confidential Information shall include information generated on the basis of Confidential Information.

18.2 Confidential Information shall not include information that the Receiving Party can evidence: (a) was discovered or created by, or was otherwise in the possession of the Receiving Party before its receipt from the Disclosing Party; (b) is or becomes available to the public through no fault of the Receiving Party; (c) is received by the Receiving Party in good faith from a third party having no duty of confidentiality to the Disclosing Party; (d) is required to be disclosed by law or court action (in which case the Receiving Party shall immediately notify the Disclosing Party to allow the Disclosing Party the opportunity to oppose such disclosure); or (e) is independently developed by the Receiving Party without the use or benefit of Confidential Information as evidenced by written records. The burden of proof of showing that information or materials fall within one of the exclusions above shall rest with the Receiving Party.

18.3 The Parties will maintain the secrecy and confidentiality of Confidential Information received from the other Party in connection with the Contract. The Receiving Party (i) shall not disclose the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information to any third party without the prior written consent from the Disclosing Party, (ii) shall only use the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information for the purpose of the Contract and as contemplated by the Contract and (iii) shall not copy or reverse engineer, reverse compile, nor attempt to derive the composition or underlying code or other information of any Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the above, SWISSto12 is authorized to disclose received Confidential Information to prospective subcontractors or information technology providers to perform the Work and/or the Goods under the Contract or the Purchase Order or to obtain information, prices, quotes, etc. in order to offer the performance of the Work and/or the Goods. Such disclosure is only permitted provided that the potential subcontractors or information technology providers are required, through written agreement, to hold such information in confidence under limitations at least as restrictive as those set forth herein. SWISSto12 will be liable to the Client for any breach of such obligation by such prospective subcontractor or information technology provider. The Receiving Party shall not remove any confidentiality, proprietary, or other similar markings from Confidential Information. The Receiving Party also agrees to adopt measures to protect the secrecy and confidentiality of Confidential Information that are reasonable under the circumstances.

18.4 The Parties are responsible for compliance with the terms of the Contract by their respective employees and agents. The Parties represent and warrant that they have entered or will enter into agreements with any such employees and agents as necessary to fulfill their respective confidentiality obligations hereunder.

18.5 Upon the end or termination of the Contract for whatever reason, or at the earlier request of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party shall, at the election of the Disclosing Party, return or destroy all originals and copies of Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information, or, in case of Confidential Information stored in electronic, magnetic or digital media, shall erase or render unreadable all materials furnished (including, without limitation, working papers containing any Confidential Information or extracts therefrom) which contain Confidential Information.

18.6 The obligations of confidentiality hereunder shall survive the end or termination of the Contract for whatever reason indefinitely.

18.7 Any specific non-disclosure agreement entered by and between the Parties shall apply and remain unaffected.

19. Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Export/Import Licenses

19.1 The Client warrants that the Client has obtained, and shall hold on a continued basis all necessary permits or authorizations for the use of the Work and/or the Goods (if any). In this respect, the Client shall comply with all applicable laws, regulations, codes and standards.

19.2 In case the implementation of the Contract is subject to export or import licenses/authorizations, the Client shall obtain all such licenses/authorizations in time for all relevant deliverables and shall prepare and submit the related documentation and carry out all necessary formalities to that aim.

20.1 Unless otherwise agreed in the Purchase Order, any notice or communication within the framework of the Contract shall be in writing (including by email) and shall be either personally delivered, mailed by registered mail, or emailed (with copy to follow by registered mail), to the addresses of the Parties set out in the Purchase Order.

21.1 The Client shall at all times be an independent contractor, and not an agent, partner or joint venturer of SWISSto12, and nothing contained in the Contract shall be deemed to create any agency, partnership or joint venture relationship between the Parties. The Parties and their respective representatives shall have no authority to bind or commit the other Party to any obligation or agreement, or speak for, represent or obligate the other Party in any way.

22.1 SWISSto12 shall not be in default by reason of its delay in the performance of, or failure to perform, any of its obligations hereunder or the Contract if such delay or failure is caused by strikes, labor disputes, embargos, epidemics, quarantine restrictions, natural disasters, unusually severe weather, floods, earthquakes, fire, explosions, power surges, acts of God, or the public enemy, war, civil unrest, riots, acts or threats of terrorism, transport problems, communication network breakdowns, restrictions on import, export and transit, exchange restrictions on international payments, shortage in raw materials and energy, breakdown of operations of other events or other events which arise from circumstances beyond the reasonable control of SWISSto12 (including, without limitation, delays caused by government priorities or by regulations, delays in obtaining export approval, or revocation of such approval), as well as other force majeure cases commonly recognized under applicable law (“Force Majeure”). During the pendency of such Force Majeure, SWISSto12 shall take all reasonable steps to fulfil its obligations hereunder and/or the Contract by other means and, in any event, shall upon termination of such Force Majeure, promptly resume its obligations hereunder and/or the Contract.

23. Waiver and Severability

23.1 Failure or delay of SWISSto12 in exercising any of its rights shall in no way constitute a waiver of those rights nor shall such failure excuse the Client from any of its obligations.

23.2 No single or partial exercise of any right, power, privilege or remedy by SWISSto12 shall prevent any further or other exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy.

23.3 The rights, powers and remedies of SWISSto12 provided in these GTCS are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights, powers or remedies provided by law or otherwise.

23.4 The Parties agree that if any part of the Contract and/or any Purchase Order is found to be invalid, void, unenforceable or unlawful under any enactment or rule of law pertaining thereto of any jurisdiction, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remainder of the Contract and/or the Purchase Order in that jurisdiction shall not be affected, and the legality, validity and enforceability of these GTCS shall not be affected in any other jurisdiction.

24.1 Each Party undertakes to process personal data with due diligence, in accordance with the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of April 27, 2016 (GDPR) and applicable Swiss laws.

25. Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution

25.1 These GTCS and the Contract shall be governed, interpreted and construed by, under and pursuant to the substantive laws of Switzerland, without regard to conflict of laws principles thereof. The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.

25.2 Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in relation with these GTCS and/or the Contract, including the validity, invalidity, breach or termination thereof, shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Geneva, Switzerland, the right of appeal to the Swiss Federal Tribunal being reserved.

