htmlExtensions and accessories for your individual setup
tado ° Extensions and for your individual setup
Add-ons

Would you like even more comfort and energy savings? Then why not expand your Starter Kit with the best additional products from tado°?
Add-on – Smart Radiator Thermostat

Would you like to control even more radiators separately? Then add more Smart Radiator Thermostats to your Starter Kit, for more comfort and more savings. These are available individually, in sets of two or four.Learn more
Add-on – Smart Radiator Thermostat - Duo

Do you need more than one? Then get the Duo Pack and save twice!Learn more
Add-on – Smart Radiator Thermostat - Quattro

Do you need more than two? Then get the Quattro Pack and save even more!Learn more
Add-on – Smart Radiator Thermostat Basic

Save even more energy with Multi-Room Control. The functions of the Basic Line is reduced to the essentials. This allows you to expand your Starter Kit inexpensively and heat your entire home smartly. These are available individually, in sets of two or four.Learn more
Add-on – Wired Smart Thermostat

It doesn't matter which Starter Kit you already have: if you add a Smart Thermostat (Wired) to it, you can control your entire heating system. And save even more at the same time.Learn more
Add-on – Wireless Temperature Sensor

Expand your setup with an extra Wireless Temperature Sensor to measure the temperature more precisely and control multiple radiators in a room with one device. Create more comfort and reduce costs.Learn more
Add-on – Wireless Receiver 

Would you like to use your thermostat wirelessly? tado° makes this easy. Just connect your Smart Thermostat (Wired) to a Wireless Receiver and start to enjoy even more comfort.

Don't want to install the Smart Thermostat (Wireless), the Wireless Temperature Sensor or the Smart AC Control on your wall? No problem, the tado° Stand is here to help. It looks good and allows you to measure the temperature where it makes the most sense.

Install our Trim Plate without needing to do any extra cleaning or painting. The Trim Plate is easy to mount and suitable for the Wired Smart Thermostat and the Wired Temperature Sensor.