AntennaComponents
ElectronicallySteered Antenna Arrays

Collaboration with Maxar Technologies to bring innovative and complex D printed filters to space

Lausanne, Switzerland – December 9th, 020 - in collaboration with Maxar Technologies, a trusted partner and innovator in Earth Intelligence and Space Infrastructure, we have…

A large batch of 3D printed waveguide solutions has been delivered to Thales Alenia Space for the Eutelsat KONNECT VHTS program

Lausanne, Switzerland - September 30th 2020 – We are happy to announce we have delivered a large batch of mission critical waveguide signal interconnects to…

SWISSto2 takes off with NSLComm

Lausanne, Switzerland – Oct 1st 2019 - SWISSto12 a provider of 3D-printed telecommunications equipment for the satellite communications and aerospace industries, announced today the successful…

SWISSto12 raises $18.44 million

Lausanne, Switzerland – August 29, 2019 - SWISSto12, a leading provider of telecommunications equipment for the satellite and aerospace industries, announced today the closing of…

SWISSto12 to offer advanced payloads for mini-GEO telecom satellite missions

Santa Clara, CA – August 29, 2019 – SWISSto12, a provider of 3D-printed telecommunications equipment announced today the launch of its advanced payload products for…

SWISSto12’s 3D printed innovative Ka band antenna feed chain to fly in Q4 2018 on NSLSat1, the world’s highest throughput nanosatellite (N-HTS)

SWISSto12 has recently supplied a Ka band antenna feed chain for flight onto NSLSat-1 due for launch in end of Q4 2018. This telecommunication satellite…

RUAG Space and SWISSto12 partner to supply advanced active antenna solutions for high throughput satellites

The two companies partner to supply active phased array antenna products which are the backbone for future high throughput satellites from low-earth to geostationary orbit.…

Thales Alenia Space and SWISSto12 enter into agreement to setup a digitalised and highly effective spacecraft waveguide supply chain

Thales Alenia Space and SWISSto12 entered into agreement during the Satellite 2018 show in Washington DC. Both companies will work and innovate together by setting…

1
2
3

Stay up to date
Sign up here to receive email updates on SWISSto12 news.

Leave this field empty if you're human: 
By signing up, you agree to SWISSto12’s Privacy Policy