WastetoNetZero:Delivering The Full Cycle - Cycle0 : Cycle0

 Twitter conversion tracking base code 

 End Twitter conversion tracking base code 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO plugin v20.3 - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 

 / Yoast SEO plugin. 

We deliver the full cycle – from waste to net-zero

We're an end-to-end biomethane provider
At CycleØ, we believe it's critical to develop achievable and rapid solutions to humankind's environmental impact. We focus on capturing methane from the agri-food sector and turning it into biomethane for vehicles and grid injection.

Methane is a potent greenhouse gas that has 80 times the global warming power of CO2. We’re on a mission to slow the pace of global warming now by deploying innovative, readily available solutions to today’s worldwide environmental chenges.

We aspire to deliver the global shift to scalable and sustainable energy for all.

 Environmental and social benefits 
Sustainability lies at the core of our DNA. We bring an end-to-end approach to biomethane production, empowering agri-food producers to join the circular economy, creating local jobs by developing small-scale decentralised facilities, and decarbonising the gas grid and transport sector. Our goals for 2024 are:

Increase the number of permanent green jobs created by one third

Increase the number of permanent green jobs created by one third

Increase hourly biomethane production by 20x

Increase hourly biomethane production by 20x

Remove 92,000 tonnes of CO2e from the atmosphere

Remove 92,000 tonnes of CO2e from the atmosphere

all

Laurence Molke has over 25 years of experience in cleantech sectors as an owner/operator and private equity professional. He has developed, built and operated more than a dozen greenfield projects in Europe with Capex in excess of €500 million in the biogas, biomass, CO2-recovery, cogeneration, grid-support services and wind sectors. He has founded several alternative energy companies, including Fugitive Compliance, Global3, Carboneco, Arclem Energia, and CycleØ.

Jordi Berengue has over 25 years of experience in engineering, developing, constructing, and operating complex industrial projections, including CHP, combined cycle, CO2 recovery as well as alternative energy projects, including hydro, solar, biomass, and biogas.

He holds a Master’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from the Polytechnic University of Catalonia as well as a Master’s degree in Occupational Hazard Prevention from the University of Lleida.

Vicky Noelanders
Chief People and Environment Officer

Vicky Noelanders
Chief People and Environment Officer

Vicky has 20+ years of varied and global experience, having worked in sales support, recruitment and human resources across several industries and companies, from start-ups to well-established large multinationals. For the last 10+ years, she has been working in the energy sector in Europe, South America and the Middle East, supporting organisations to drive and implement key business and culture transformations. 

Vicky holds a Master's in Translation and a Master's in Human Resource Management.

Along with more than 20 years of experience in the agri-food and property sectors, James has vast experience in various areas of business and new product development. This includes sales and marketing, and all aspects of general and operational management. 

James has led several European commercial activities within animal identification and monitoring divisions and he has focused on revamping businesses to embrace technological advancements and improve customer relations in order to future-proof commercial offerings. 

Liang works closely with teams across our various locations to analyse market potential and identify opportunities for growth.

Before joining Cycle0, he worked at the Corporate Development and M&A Department of Neoelectra, where he was involved in the end-to-end investment process for organic and inorganic growth. Prior to that, he was an investment associate of ORCA Capital. 

Liang moved to Barcelona in 2016 to pursue a Master’s in Finance and International Management (CMES) from ESADE Business School.

Raul is responsible for finance and accounting at Cycle0.

In addition to his extensive financial experience, Raul has over ten years of experience working on the energy transition to net zero. He has built and led finance teams in the renewable energy sector, including energy storage, Virtual Power Plants, and solar energy companies. His leadership has allowed these organisations to manage over 30,000 residential batteries and develop more than 30 solar farms of over 140 MWh.

He holds a BA Hons in Economics, MS in Accounting and Finance, and ACCA qualification.

Andrea is responsible for Marketing and Communications at the CycleØ group.

She has previously worked with international companies to build and scale sustainable and socially-conscious brands from the ground up, driving marketing and sales activities both nationally and internationally. Andrea has worked in the sustainability sector by attracting and supporting local governments and indigenous communities to develop feasible climate action plans that represent the needs of both businesses and the public. 

Andrea holds a BA in Business Administration and an MSc in Cross-Cultural Marketing and Negotiation.

Jessica Orchard
Executive Assistant to the CEO

Jessica Orchard
Executive Assistant to the CEO

Jessica provides executive support to the CEO and assistance to the team at Cycle0.

She has over 15 years of experience across executive support, operational, administrative, HR, and office management functions within financial services, private equity, management consultancy, and media.

Jessica holds a Bachelor of Arts Double Major in Employment Relations & Organisational Studies and Sociology from the University of Auckland.

Yexian works in the corporate development and M&A team as a senior associate. Her main responsibility is to identify and evaluate growth opportunities, both internally and externally. She has 9 years of experience in corporate finance across different sectors, including a focused tenure during the recent 3 years in the energy industry. 

Having worked across multiple international locations such as Ireland, China, and Spain, Yexian possesses a keen understanding of diverse working cultures.

She holds an ACCA charter certificate, and she is currently pursuing a CFA qualification to further augment her professional credentials.

London – CycleØ Headquarters

UK
+44 (0)203 961 9951

FNX – Technology Manufacturer

Pol. Ind. Bildosola, Parcela J-1
48142 Artea (Vizcaya) SPAIN
+34 946 125 100

We’re looking for purpose-driven people to help us on our mission to slow climate change and deliver
immediate solutions for today’s global environmental challenges.

We’re hiring for various roles, from experienced executives and people with
direct energy or agriculture expertise to recent graduates.

If you want to help us reduce GHGs and join a team of like-minded people,
then come and be part of our journey from waste to net-zero!

explore careers at CycleØ

Latest news & events

CycleØ acquires Biogasclean to increase fully circular green gas production by capturing CO2

How is biomethane carbon neutral?

CycleØ Sponsors the III Renewable Gas Trade Fair, Spain’s Biggest Renewable Gas Conference

This website uses cookies to improve your experience.SettingsAcceptManage consent 

Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities.

	Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.	

	 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.	

 This website is like a Rocket, isn't it? Performance optimized by WP Rocket. Learn more: https://wp-rocket.me - Debug: cached@1711367308