htmlAnticimex SMART - AnticimexMarketsSearchAbout Anticimex SMARTAround the worldSustainabilityContactMarketsSearchHomeSMART – Digital pest control
SMART – Digital pest control
Protect your business 24/7 with digital pest control

Anticimex SMART is an intelligent system that keeps an eye on things you don't want to see. By constantly monitoring and instantly reacting, it prevents costly infestations in an environmentally-friendly way. Add the services traditionally provided by us, and you will get a solution that gives you the best of two worlds - automation and expertise.

How it works
1. We analyze and plan

First we inspect your site, study available documentation and interview key persons. Based on what we discover, we define the optimal solution for your business. If there’s already an infestation taking place, we take care of it.
2. We install and connect

Based on our plan, we install a system of strategically placed sensors that detect infestations and non-toxic traps that efficiently deal with pests. The Smart units are connected and constantly report back to our Smart data hub.
3. We service, you relax

We conduct regular inspections, empty and relocate traps when needed, analyze data and provide you with necessary information. Once any activity is reported we proceed to act immediately so you can focus your attention elsewhere.
The Anticimex SMART method - watch why it works

Instead of focusing on symptoms, the Anticimex SMART method is solving the root cause. With constant monitoring and instant response time, SMART protects your business 24/7 and prevents costly damages in a sustainable and non-toxic way. Watch the video below lo learn more about how it works:
Benefits
Around the clock surveillance

Anticimex pest solutions today depend on quarterly or monthly physical inspections. Anticimex SMART, on the other hand, monitors constantly, reacts instantly and reports directly.

All Anticimex SMART traps are 100% non-toxic. It’s better for the environment, it creates a healthier work environment and it means no pesticides ending up where they aren’t supposed to be.

Solving an infestation takes time, and the damage done to your business can be substantial. With Anticimex SMART installed, we can act fast on early warnings and deal with potential issues before they turn into costly problems.

Pests excel at hiding in places where they are hard to detect. With Anticimex SMART and our innovative sensors we can detect activities in hidden places or relocate traps to that specific area.

Anticimex SMART is an intelligent system connected to our Smart data hub, which allows us to analyze your situation and, when needed, export the data you need to present your status to an external part.
Less to worry about

Constant monitoring minimizes the risk of an infestation that could harm your business or your relationship to your customers and partners. In addition, efficient yet non-toxic traps guarantee that you comply to laws and regulations.
Choose country slice-start id="_gatsby-scripts-1" 

 slice-end id="_gatsby-scripts-1"