htmlSustainability - AnticimexMarketsSearchAbout Anticimex SMARTAround the worldSustainabilityContactMarketsSearchHomeSustainability
Sustainability
Pest control is a sustainability driver

Professional pest control is an essential service and responsible for the protection of public health, food and property. Society can´t afford to have medical facilities, groceries stores, industries or homes uninhabitable due to pest related damages and diseases. That's why pest control is needed to mitigate the risk of invasive species and protect the natural balance in the environment, which is under growing risk due to globalization and modern society. Pest control is therefore a sustainability driver in itself, but Anticimex is taking it to the next level.
Transforming the industry to sustainable pest control

Anticimex SMART pest control is taking industry sustainability to a whole new level. It is a key enabler for early detection and offers fast – often immediate and non-toxic – remediation. Together with risk assessment and securing of premises, Anticimex' SMART offerings the industry from reactive to preventive, by offering a more effective pest control solution for its clients and contributing to a more sustainable world.Discover how

In the pursuit of a sustainable future, it is imperative to identify and address key impact areas that significantly affect the environment, economy, and well-being of communities worldwide. Anticimex delves into three pivotal impact areas that demand immediate attention: Protecting biodiversity, preventing the spreading of pest-borne diseases, and reducing property loss and food waste. By effectively addressing these areas, stakeholders can contribute to the creation of a more resilient and flourishing planet.Impact areas in detail

As a route based service business, we constantly strive to improve our CO2e emissions. We continuously strive to optimize routes. Zero and low emission vehicles are becoming a greater part of our vehicle fleet. During 2022 Anticimex committed to the Science Based Target initiative and submitted targets. The targets were validated by the SBTi in 2023. 

With a majority of our more than 10,000 employees out visiting customers every day, it is imperative that we keep our staff as safe as possible. As a global business, we aim to promote a diverse and inclusive work environment.
We measure key social metrics down to branch level – and act on deviations immediately.

Anticimex operates in 21 countries worldwide. We ensure that we adhere to good governance standards with clear policies regarding e.g. anti-corruption and human rights. 
To ensure transparency, Anticimex implemented an anonymous SpeakUp Line with direct communication to the CEO.
Promoting local sustainability through community collaboration

Since pest control takes place locally, most of the Group’s sustainability efforts are applied at a local level, in close cooperation with the local community and relevant public agencies. Consistent with the Anticimex Model, branch managers are responsible for the sustainability performance of their branch, and Platform Presidents are responsible for the sustainability performance of their platform. 

Governance, on the other hand, is initiated at Group-level and mainly regulated by Anticimex’s Code of Conduct. The Chief Operating Officer has been assigned the responsibility for the Group’s sustainability work and the process of integrating sustainability measures.

Choose country slice-start id="_gatsby-scripts-1" 

 slice-end id="_gatsby-scripts-1"