htmlAnticimex announces its expansion into the Pacific Northwest with the acquisition of Seattle based Eastside Exterminators - AnticimexMarketsSearch SMARTAround the worldSustainabilityContactMarketsSearchHomeNews & sAnticimex announces its expansion into the Pacific Northwest with the acquisition of Seattle based Eastside Exterminators
Anticimex announces its expansion into the Pacific Northwest with the acquisition of Seattle based Eastside Exterminators
Press release

Woodinville, WA. – Anticimex announced its expansion into Washington State with the acquisition of Eastside Exterminators. Headquartered in Woodinville, WA, Eastside was founded by Ralph James Townsend, Jr. in 1969, and has been operated by his daughter Deanna Townsend and business partner Alex Altizer for the last two decades with pest and rodent control operations throughout the Greater Seattle area. The acquisition closed on October 16, 2022.

Pictured above from left to right: Deanna Townsend (Eastside Exterminators Owner), Alex Altizer (Eastside Exterminators Owner) and Bill Talon (President of Anticimex South & West North America)

Eastside Exterminators is a premier pest management firm with solid growth throughout its rich 54-year history. For the last 23 years, Eastside has been run by Deanna Townsend, the third-generation pest control operator of the Townsend family, and her business partner Alex Altizer. Together, Alex and Deanna have cultivated a customer centric culture focused on delivering high quality service. The dedicated staff at Eastside are some of the most highly trained technicians and pest professionals in the business. Their commitment to the company's values, vision, and mission is reflected in Eastside's standing as a leader in service quality and customer satisfaction in the Greater Seattle market.

"Partnering with Eastside is a major milestone for Anticimex as we expand into the Seattle market," said Bill Talon, President of Anticimex South & West North America. "Eastside is a household name and a leader in the pest management industry, with a long-standing history and commitment to their customers and employees that perfectly aligns with Anticimex's values of trust, passion, and innovation. With this acquisition, we see a significant opportunity to pair Eastside's highly trained and dedicated staff with Anticimex's cutting-edge Smart technologies, allowing us to provide even greater value to our customers. Together, we look forward to continuing our growth and further establishing ourselves as a leading provider of pest management services in the Pacific Northwest."

With regards to the transaction, Deanna Townsend added “Making the decision to sell was a life altering one, and I am at peace knowing that our family values will live on with Anticimex. It was important to me to have a company whose values aligned with ours and who would continue to take care of our employees and our customers.” Alex Altizer added “When we looked at potential partners, Anticimex stood out as the clear choice. Their passion for the industry and dedication to their core values align perfectly with what we have been committed to at Eastside for the past 54 years. We wanted to take Eastside to the next level, and we knew that partnering with Anticimex would provide us with the resources and support we need to achieve that goal. In particular, Anticimex’s digital and sustainable pest control offering branded Smart provides us an edge going forward as we can now offer proactive and around-the-clock solutions for our customer base, all while they continue to receive world-class service. It was also important to know that our employees will now have even greater opportunities for career advancement.”

Kemp Anderson of Kemp Anderson Consulting (https://kempanderson.com/) represented and acted as exclusive financial advisors to Eastside Exterminators in this transaction. Kemp Anderson commented on the transaction, saying, “Deanna and Alex built one of the very best service companies and cultures in our industry and the leadership team at Anticimex recognized this and did an exceptional job with the transaction.”

About Anticimex

For more than 80 years, Anticimex has provided pest control services in homes, businesses, and commercial facilities. The company was founded in Sweden in 1934 to deal with the rampant bedbug infestations and expanded in the 1940s to eradicate insects and rodents that were harmful to human health and the property structure. Today, Anticimex has operations in 22 countries, including coverage across the United States, Europe, Asia, Oceania and South America.

Anticimex uses its proprietary Smart systems that provide technological and sustainable solutions to offer customers efficient, accommodating, and eco-friendly services.
Choose country slice-start id="_gatsby-scripts-1" 

 slice-end id="_gatsby-scripts-1"