htmlSustainable pest control - AnticimexMarketsSearchAbout Anticimex SMARTAround the worldSustainabilityContactMarketsSearchHomeSustainabilitySustainable pest control
Sustainable pest control
The power of early detection

Underpinning Anticimex' ability to have a positive impact on the environment is early detection and a unique methodology to identify – and treat – the root cause. Through innovation combining digital capabilities and biological and entomological expertise, Anticimex is driving the transformation from reactive to preventive pest control services. 
24/7 real-time monitoring
The most resource efficient and effective pest control

Anticimex’ SMART solutions support 24/7 real-time monitoring which enables early detection and the detective work necessary to identify pest movement. Together with sophisticated risk assessments and thorough securing of premises, this is a fundamental aspect in achieving resource efficient and effective pest control.
Why does early detection matter?

Rodents reproduce fast. They reach sexual maturity within 40 days and can yearly carry 5-7 litters of up to 10 rats. This means that – undetected – a single pair of rats can reproduce to more than 1.000 rats in a year. 

Another pest with a high potential of becoming a problem is cockroaches. Most of them are nocturnal and might go unnoticed for a long time and they also hide away their offspring in a hard cased egg sac – ootheca - containing up to 40 small cockroaches, called nymphs. 

Early detection is critically important, since it circumvents excessive usage of pesticides, equipment and other resources – and minimizes damage and contamination caused by the various pests.
Benefits of SMART methodology– illustrated

As depicted in the figure above, Anticimex’ SMART solution supports early detection of pest infestations, with quick identification of root cause, and often immediate and non-toxic remediation. Conversely, using a traditional approach means that a pest infestation is detected at a later stage, and consequently the pest population can grow a lot before traps and pesticides are applied. The traditional method requires physical visits to check status and perform re-baiting and emptying traps, meaning that several visits to the customer premise are required before the pest issue can finally be resolved.

Through SMART-enabled early detection, Anticimex is a key contributor in protecting biodiversity and reducing food and property waste – as well as the risk of pest borne disease – by means of a sustainable, economical and resource efficient approach.More about Anticimex SMART
Choose country slice-start id="_gatsby-scripts-1" 

 slice-end id="_gatsby-scripts-1"