htmlSustainability impact areas - AnticimexMarketsSearchAbout Anticimex SMARTAround the worldSustainabilityContactMarketsSearchHomeSustainabilitySustainability impact areas
Sustainability impact areas
Positively impacting the world we operate in

At the core of the sustainability strategy sit three key environmental impact areas that are fundamental to Anticimex’ contribution towards a more sustainable world. These impact areas are geared at protecting biodiversity, preventing pest borne diseases, and reducing property loss and food waste. Anticimex is uniquely positioned to have a positive impact in these areas through its SMART enabled, proactive pest control methodology.
Aligned with UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)

Anticimex's dedication to sustainability is deeply rooted in the core of its operations. The company firmly believes that by upholding these sustainable impact areas and aligning itself with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), it can foster a positive and enduring impact on the environment, society, and future generations. This commitment strengthens Anticimex's resolve to shape a better future through responsible practices and solutions.

Invasive pests pose a major challenge to biodiversity, and the economic damage that they cause exceeds 5% of the global gross product. When pests enter a new area, they often arrive without natural enemies and the population can explode without anything standing in the way, which can push out native species and upset the balance of unique ecosystems. Here pest control contributes to protecting biodiversity and the local ecosystem, particularly consider ing trends like increased travel, globalization and climate change.

Usage of biocides to battle pest poses another challenge to biodiversity. If overused or misused it risks spreading into freshwater, or causing unintentional poisoning by consumption, either directly or through the food chain. Hence, using biocides more effectively, with early detection and non-tox alternatives, becomes essential to minimize potential harm on the environment.
Prevent the spreading of pest borne diseases

Human health is threatened by pest and animals carrying harmful germs that can spread to people and cause illness. In fact, scientists estimate that more than six out of every ten known infectious diseases in people are spread from pest and animals, and three out of every four new or emerging infectious diseases in people come from animals. Perhaps the most well-known example is the bubonic plague, which spread through rodents carrying infected fleas. 

Controlling pests – in particular detecting issues earlier and treating the root cause in a preventive manner – reduces the risk of severe and harmful pest infestations.
Reduce property loss and food waste

Pests that eat grains are contaminating food processing chains – causing significant food loss worldwide, every year. Rodents also cause damages to production lines and goods, forcing production stoppages, replacement of parts and discarding of products. This increases production and consumption – and consequently emissions – that could have been avoided. 

Detecting and combating pests early leads to less contamination and damage in the value chain.

In addition to the above-mentioned environmental impact areas, Anticimex’ sustainability strategy also encompasses approaches to minimize CO2 emissions from the vehicle fleet, by continuously performing route optimizations and transitioning towards electrical vehicles.

Furthermore, as Anticimex relies heavily on having competent and engaged personnel in all parts of the organization, the sustainability strategy also includes focus areas to ensure that Anticimex stays a preferred employer, while also providing a safe and healthy workplace, worldwide.

Anticimex’ sustainability work is linked to the UN Sustainable Development Goals, and governance of Anticimex’ sustainability efforts is mainly regulatedby the company’s Code of Conduct, which has been established by the Board of Directors. To further strengthen compliance with the Code of Conduct, a direct link to corporate management has been established, the SpeakUp Line, which can be used by everybody in the company to report potential breaches.
Choose country slice-start id="_gatsby-scripts-1" 

 slice-end id="_gatsby-scripts-1"