Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
VR and XR Case Studies – Varjo.com

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v1.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M 

R – Z 

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Want to get notified about the latest case studies?

Become a Varjo Insider

VR & XR Case Studies

25 of Fortune100 companies are already partnering with Varjo across multiple business areas. Discover how professionals in industries from aerospace to manufacturing leverage virtual and mixed reality in their workflows already today to save time, money, and effort.

Automotive

Research

Operating Drones in Mixed Reality: How Inzpire Leverages Varjo for Next-Gen UAV Training

Mixed Reality in JTAC Training: A New Dimension in Defence Preparedness

How Wärtsilä Revolutionizes Maritime Training with Varjo’s XR Technology

Panasonic Automotive Powers Innovative Vehicle UX Design with Varjo’s Virtual Reality

Kia Launches New EV9 Model in Finland with Varjo’s Mixed Reality

How KPF is Transforming Architectural Visualization with Varjo’s Virtual Reality

Shaping the Future of Steel Production Training: Tata Steel’s Pioneering Use of VR with Steel Sim VR and Varjo

How Air Zermatt is Setting New Standards for Helicopter Pilot Training with Varjo

Lockheed Martin and Varjo Demonstrate Next-Gen Immersive Cloud Streaming Technology for Training

Case Explico: How Mixed Reality Helps Forensic Engineers Educate Jurors in the Courtroom

Reimagining Aeromedical Training: How Real Response is Transforming the Way We Learn with Mixed Reality

How FORCE Technology Achieves a Thousandfold Cost Reduction in Maritime Training with Virtual Reality and Mixed Reality

Red Bull Brings the Thrill of Extreme Watersports to Museumgoers with Varjo’s Virtual Reality and Mixed Reality

FlightSafety International and Varjo Offer Mixed Reality Training in the Highest-Security Environments

Finnish National Opera and Ballet’s Turandot Becomes the First Production to Utilize Varjo’s XR Technology

How Lufthansa Aviation Training Accelerates Commercial Pilot Training With XR

How National Highways Improves Road Safety Using Varjo Mixed Reality

How Lucid Reality Labs and Roche Raise Awareness for Macular Disease with Varjo Mixed Reality

1

3

Talk with Varjo's VR & XR experts to learn more

Every day, Varjo devices are used to speed up design workflows, cut prototyping costs, improve training efficacy and efficiency, gain deeper insights into human research, and much more – all in a photorealistic immersive environment.

Step inside the unmatched immersive experience and discover why your peers and competitors are already leveraging Varjo’s professional XR/VR technologies today. Ready to see your own virtual content in human-eye resolution? Looking to virtualize your workflows and operations? Working to improve workforce safety and readiness?

Learn more about how to upgrade your workflows with the best VR and XR headsets and solutions by contacting Varjo sales experts. Varjo’s professional hardware and software are available for companies of all sizes directly through Varjo or one of our 35 resellers worldwide. We look forward to hearing you and lead you into the world of immersive computing.

Follow Varjo on LinkedIn to find the latest examples of VR and XR use cases, demos, and customer testimonials.

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.