Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Eye tracker in VR - Learning Hub – Varjo.com

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

 Learning Hub: Home
VR Terminology Explained Virtual Reality

Immersive/Spatial Computing
VR, AR, XR – Which technology to choose?
What’s the difference between standalone, wireless and tethered VR headsets?

Technical Features and Capabilities Base Stations
Controllers
Degrees of freedom in VR/XR
Eye Tracker
Field of View in VR

Getting started with VR/XR How to get started with VR: What do I need?
How to create VR/XR content
Using existing VR/XR content
What kind of content can I view in VR? Can I view video content?
Where does the content come from? How to create it?
Why do I need such a powerful computer to use VR?
Capturing VR or XR experiences

Eye Tracker in VR

Eye tracking in VR (or gaze tracking) is a technology for measuring the gaze direction of a user. When combined with positional head tracking, one can determine the exact point the user is looking at in the real or virtual world. Apart from detecting the point of interest, the system provides information about fixations (whether a user is focusing on something), saccades, and other eye motion patterns such as blinking and pupil dilation. This technology can have enormous benefits for researchers or application developers, as they can study human behavior in virtual environments or create interactions solely based on the user’s gaze.

Eye tracking is already widely utilized in many fields of research, including marketing, psychology, medicine, usability, and user behavior. It also has many important use cases in VR/AR and is rapidly becoming a standard feature in high-end headsets. Examples include automatic inter-pupillary distance (IPD) adjustment, detecting when a headset is worn, and automated user detection through iris recognition. It can also be used as a control mechanism in user interfaces, and to improve the realism of social avatars.

Varjo XR-4 Series headsets all have integrated eye tracking functions with 1-degree accuracy.

An example of gaze tracking in VR. The yellow circle indicates the user’s gaze and shows how it moves around in real-time across the VR environment, in this case, a flight control tower.

Webinar on Demand: Insight Session – Improve Performance and Deepen User Insights with Eye Tracking for VR/XR
Eye tracking: Your questions answered 
E-Book: A Researcher’s Guide to VR, XR, and Eye Tracking
Blog post: Industrial-Strength Eye Tracking in Varjo
Blog post: How To Do Gaze Tracking Studies in Virtual Reality?

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.