Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Most Advanced XR and VR software with Varjo Subscriptions for XR-3 and VR-3

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Varjo Subscriptions for XR-3 and VR-3 – Most advanced software and premium business services.

Varjo is committed to providing the most advanced XR/VR software and services so your business can succeed and perform better. Varjo Subscription is your organization’s key to benefit from the continuous software improvements and business services for XR-3 and VR-3.

Access the most advanced XR/VR with Varjo Subscription.

To use Varjo VR-3 and XR-3 headsets and software, you need an accompanying Varjo Subscription – your continuous license for Varjo software and business services. Through the Varjo Subscription, you get access to Varjo’s proprietary XR/VR software which continuously unlocks new capabilities for our human-eye resolution headsets. You also get access to our premium business support.

Benefits of Varjo Subscription

Always improving and evolving headset.

Continuous XR/VR software updates and 3D engine support. New features for Varjo headsets, updates and performance improvements, including industry-leading developer support and tooling.
Commercial Software Licenses. Commercial licenses for Varjo’s integrated eye tracking and Ultraleap Gemini hand tracking, covering all professional use cases.
Varjo Account portal. Access to our online customer portal to flexibly manage, buy and interact with Varjo services.
Business Support. World-class business and technical support to enable your company’s XR/VR success, with a one business day response time.

Manage your Varjo subscriptions flexibly.

Sign up to Varjo Account Portal

Varjo Account is your identity to manage, acquire and interact with Varjo products and services. In our new Varjo Account Portal, you can purchase different type, length and seat configured subscriptions that can be assigned to individual users of Varjo products.

Go to Varjo Account Portal

Varjo Subscription operates on a seat-based model, so each user or installation of or VR-3 requires a valid subscription seat to be assigned. If you operate a single headset on a single PC, then only one subscription is needed. Subscriptions can easily be managed from your Varjo account.

Purchase a Varjo headset & Varjo Subscription
Create a Varjo Account in our portal and assign your subscriptions
Manage your company’s headsets & subscriptions conveniently and flexibly

To assign your Varjo Subscription and start using the Varjo devices, you need to create a Varjo Account in our new, dedicated customer portal.

Operating in a high-security environment?

If your company is using XR or VR in a high-security environment without access to the internet, Varjo offers an offline version of both the XR and the VR Subscriptions through Varjo sales, our resellers and integrators. Please contact our Varjo sales experts for more information.

Varjo XR-3

Including 1 year of Varjo Subscription
Including 2 years of Varjo Subscription
Including 3 years of Varjo Subscription

Including 1 year of Varjo Subscription
Including 2 years of Varjo Subscription
Including 3 years of Varjo Subscription

Advanced XR and VR software to complement your use case.

Varjo Subscription unlocks constantly updated new software features and premium business support.

Get things done more efficiently.

Varjo Base is the companion software needed to run and manage the Varjo headset on your PC. Varjo Base allows you to get things done more efficiently, with powerful features in areas like first-time guidance, presenting to others, running diagnostics, utilizing eye tracking, and optimizing performance. We continuously introduce new features and improvements based on customer feedback.

Bring mouse, keyboard and 2D applications into mixed reality.

Varjo Workspace is a dimensional interface that bridges the 2D user experience of current computers and the 3D world. Instead of having to switch devices as you work with 2D and 3D applications like uUnity, you can see 3D designs and applications come to life around you in real time. You can take your mouse and keyboard with you into XR/VR and work with an infinite amount of monitors.

Make the most out of the software you already use.

Our unmatched visual fidelity supercharges hundreds of professional 3D applications, allowing you to capture entirely new market opportunities and do things that have never been possible before. We are compatible with the most popular 3D software like Unity, Unreal Engine, Autodesk VRED and PREPARE3D, OpenVR, and OpenXR 1.0.

Get premium support when you need it.

Varjo Subscription includes access to dedicated Varjo in-house technical support including the following services:

Access to detailed product & developer documentation
Easy to contact Varjo Customer Support, with replies within one business day
Possibility for local technical support through our dedicated Varjo support partner network​
Regular hints & tips to enhance the use of Varjo products
Continuous development of the products & services based on customer feedback

Contact us for more information

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.