Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Field of View in VR – Varjo.com

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

 Learning Hub: Home
VR Terminology Explained Virtual Reality

Immersive/Spatial Computing
VR, AR, XR – Which technology to choose?
What’s the difference between standalone, wireless and tethered VR headsets?

Technical Features and Capabilities Base Stations
Controllers
Degrees of freedom in VR/XR
Eye Tracker
Field of View in VR

Getting started with VR/XR How to get started with VR: What do I need?
How to create VR/XR content
Using existing VR/XR content
What kind of content can I view in VR? Can I view video content? 
Where does the content come from? How to create it?
Why do I need such a powerful computer to use VR?
Capturing VR or XR experiences

Field of View in VR / XR

Field of view refers to the amount (width) of the observable virtual world that you can see at one point in time when using VR/AR/XR headsets. The wider the field of view (or FOV), the more you can experience without having to turn your head. FOV is usually measured in degrees. For example, Varjo XR-4 Series headsets all offer a horizontal field of view of 120°, which almost matches the FOV of the human eye (135°)

Varjo Aero headset offers a 115° field of view (horizontal). A wide FOV is critical in creating a realistic experience inside a headset.

In augmented reality devices, especially when based on optical see-through technology, the field of view for the AR content is often narrow. Most AR glasses can only portray virtual content within a certain segment of the user’s overall FOV, for instance only for 30 or 40 degrees. For video pass-through-based mixed reality devices, virtual and mixed reality content can be portrayed across the full FOV of the user. This enhances overall immersion.

This image illustrates the FOV of Varjo XR-3 headset compared to optical-see-through based AR glasses. In mixed reality devices that are based on video pass-through technology, virtual content can be portrayed across the full vision field.

Varjo XR-4 Series 
How Varjo Delivers Human-Eye Resolution VR/XR with Bionic Display™
How to adjust a VR/XR headset for an optimal visual experience
Follow Varjo on LinkedIn

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.