Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

 Learning Hub: Home
VR Terminology Explained Virtual Reality

Immersive/Spatial Computing
VR, AR, XR – Which technology to choose?
What’s the difference between standalone, wireless and tethered VR headsets?

Technical Features and Capabilities Base Stations
Controllers
Degrees of freedom in VR/XR
Eye Tracker
Field of View in VR

Getting started with VR/XR How to get started with VR: What do I need?
How to create VR/XR content
Using existing VR/XR content
What kind of content can I view in VR? Can I view video content? 
Where does the content come from? How to create it?
Why do I need such a powerful computer to use VR?
Capturing VR or XR experiences

Latency in virtual reality (VR) and mixed reality (XR)

Low latency is extremely important for mixed, augmented, and virtual reality content. The main reasons why lower latency is better are the elimination of cybersickness and achieving a deeper immersion.

As a person moves their head, a headset should display the resulting changes almost immediately. If there is a significant delay, the user’s brain will reject the virtual world, causing them to lose immersion. This can, in turn, cause nausea and reduce the effectiveness of learning outcomes, for example.

In research, a meaningful latency threshold for virtual and mixed reality has been determined to be around 20 milliseconds. While humans can detect very small relative delays in parts of the visual field, when absolute delays are below approximately 20 milliseconds, they are generally imperceptible. Going below this threshold eliminates a major cause of cybersickness and achieves much deeper immersion, especially when combined with high resolution.

Achieving this is somewhat easier in virtual reality, where the user is shut out from the real world and only sees digital content. It is much more challenging in mixed reality. Mixed reality using video pass-through uses cameras to digitize the world in real-time. That data is then combined with virtual content inside our GPU and shown to users through the mixed reality device – completely blurring the lines between real and virtual. where digital objects blend with the real world, and the digital content needs to react to the real world fast enough so immersion does not break.

Case Volvo Cars: The World’s First Mixed Reality Test Drive
How to adjust a VR/XR headset for an optimal visual experience
Follow Varjo on LinkedIn

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.