Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
SteamVR Tracking – Varjo.com

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for / owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

 Get started Varjo headsets XR-4

XR-1 Developer Edition, VR-2 Pro, VR-2, and VR-1

Setting up your headset XR-4
XR-3
VR-3
Varjo Aero
XR-1 Developer Edition
VR-2 Pro, VR-2, and VR-1

Setting up tracking Varjo inside-out tracking

Varjo services Varjo Account Commercial account

Varjo Reality Cloud Varjo Reality Cloud subscription
System requirements

Varjo XR and VR subscriptions Getting a seat in a subscription

Get to know your headset Using the headset
Using Varjo Controllers
Fitting the headset XR-4
XR-3, VR-3, and Varjo Aero
XR-1 Developer Edition, VR-2 Pro, VR-2, and VR-1

Getting the perfect image quality

Get to know Varjo Reality Cloud
Develop for Varjo Developer support

FAQ & Troubleshooting
Downloads Release notes Release notes for Varjo Base
Release notes for Varjo Reality Cloud for Windows
Release notes for Varjo Reality Cloud for iOS

We will help you set up tracking for your headset.

SteamVR™ Tracking is available for XR-3, VR-3, Aero, VR-2 Pro, VR-2, XR-1 Developer Edition, and VR-1. XR-4 Base station tracking versions also support SteamVR™ tracking. For other options, see the list of available tracking methods.

Positional tracking for your headset

Your Varjo headset uses a tracking system to know its exact position. Tracking allows applications to synchronize your movements in the real world with those in the virtual environment.

Varjo headsets support SteamVR Tracking, which uses up to four SteamVR base stations to track your headset. If your application uses controllers, those can be tracked as well.

Set up SteamVR™ Tracking

Follow these steps to set up SteamVR™ Tracking for your headset. Before you set up tracking, you will need to start setup in Varjo Base and connect your headset.

1. Install the SteamVR application

Download and install SteamVR to get started. SteamVR is the software required to use SteamVR™ Tracking.

2. Prepare your environment to use the headset safely

Before using the headset, clear the room of obstacles and hazards, people, furniture, and any other items to ensure that youhave enough spacebothabove and around you.

If possible, cover all reflective surfaces since they may interfere with tracking. Make sure that you have good lighting in the room when you set up and use the headset.

Read more about how to prepare your environment.

3. Choose the positions for the base stations

You can use either SteamVR™ base stations 1.0 or 2.0.

Recommended distances between the devices are:

A minimum of 1.5 m (5 ft) between each base station and the headset.
A maximum of 5 m (16 ft) between base stations.

Four base stations 2.0 are recommended if you plan to move around the room.
Two base stations 2.0 or 1.0 are sufficient for sitting and stationary use.

4. Mount the base stations

Mount the base stations at a minimum height of 2 m (6.5 ft) and angled down 30–45 degrees.

Make sure the base stations have a direct line of sight with the headset, even when moving around the room.

Note: If you use SteamVR™ 1.0 base stations, ensure that the base stations have a direct line of sight both with the headset and each other.

Use the wall-mounting kit (included in the box) or a tripod (not included). For additional instructions, check the manufacturer’s guide on how to use the mounting kit (PDF).

5. Plug in the base stations

Two different power plugs are included in the box (European type C and North American type A). Use a standard power adapter if needed.

6. Set the channels for your base stations

A. Setting channels for base stations 2.0

You can recognize this model by the rounded front panel.

Use a paper clip to operate the Mode button on the back of the device.
Check the status area in Varjo Base to see the current channel for each base station.
Set each base station to a different channel (between 1 and 16). Each press of the button advances the channel selection by one.

B. Setting channels for base stations 1.0 

You can recognize this model by the rectangular shape of the device.

Press the Mode button on the back of the device to change the channel. The current channel is displayed on the front.
Set the channels according to how many base stations you are using:

1 base station = a
2 base stations = b + c

7.  Check the tracking status in Varjo Base

Varjo Base will display the status of your devices. Check the icons in the status area to confirm that your headset and base stations are connected and that tracking is working.

If headset tracking is not working, make sure that the headset has a direct line of sight with the base stations and that the front plate of the headset is not covered.

Tip: SteamVR tracking elements are located behind the front plate of your headset. Make sure that the base stations are pointing towards the headset’s front plate in all positions, including when moving or turning around in the room. The minimum recommended distance between the base stations and the headset is 1.5 m (5 ft). Please be aware that reflective surfaces may interfere with tracking and should be covered if possible.

8.  Set up your room in SteamVR

When using your Varjo headset for the first time in a new environment, you will need to perform a brief setup to configure the headset and base stations.

Perform this setup each time you move the headset and base stations to a new environment, or if you move the base stations or change their orientation in your current room.

From the SteamVR room setup instructions, select Launch SteamVR and wait for the application to open. Alternatively, you can manually open SteamVR on your Windows computer.
In the SteamVR application window, go to Menu > Room setup and follow the instructions. We recommend you choose the Standing Only setup, which is the most straightforward option.
After completing room setup, return to Varjo Base.

You can start room setup again at any time in Varjo Base by navigating to the System tab and SteamVR room setup.

9.  Optional: Pair your controller(s)

When using Varjo headsets with SteamVR™ Tracking, you can use any SteamVR™ compatible controllers. Please note that Varjo Controllers are not compatible with SteamVR™Tracking

Note: If you have previously paired your controllers with another VR headset, they will need to be paired again with your Varjo headset.

Switch on your controller(s).
From the Pair SteamVR devices instructions, select Launch SteamVR and wait for the application to open. Alternatively, you can manually open SteamVR on your Windows computer.
In the SteamVR application window, go to Menu > Devices > Pair Controller and follow the instructions.
After completing the pairing, return to Varjo Base.

You can pair devices again at any time in Varjo Base by navigating to the System tab and Pair SteamVR device.

10.  Enable the OpenVR runtime if prompted (XR-3 only)

Varjo Base will attempt to automatically enable the OpenVR runtime for XR-3. If you have previously used an OpenVR-compatible headset on this computer, you may be prompted to enable the runtime manually.

Enable the OpenVR runtime if you want to run OpenVR applications, such as SteamVR apps.

SteamVR™ Tracking is now successfully set up and your headset is ready for use.

Get familiar with your Varjo headset

We’ve prepared a reading package for you to get to know your headset better.
For more applications, visit our Developer portal for information on how to port existing Unity projects and Unreal Engine projects to run on your Varjo headset.
Varjo Showcases have been designed to demonstrate the graphical capabilities of the Varjo XR-4 headset. You can use them to test and get to know your headset.
See FAQ & Troubleshooting for any problems or questions.

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.