Thissiteisoptimizedwith the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
VR Resellers – Purchase high-resolution VR/XR headsets – Varjo.com

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across , , , and . Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Find your nearest Varjo VR / XR reseller

Get in touch with Varjo’s expert partners who are certified to sell and support our industry-leading XR/VR headsets.

Elite VR resellers are the most experienced with Varjo headsets and have completed various XR/VR installations using Varjo headsets. Authorized resellers are equipped and trained to advise on the use and support of Varjo headsets.

Asia-Pacific

Europe

Middle East

North America

RAVE Computer specializes in computer integration, multi-vendor integration, embedded & OEM, training, virtualization, federal intelligence and more.

Schenker Technologies is a supplier and distributor of IT hardware and accessories as well as AR and VR products.

A.S.N. Inc. is a Quebec business based in downtown Montreal. A.S.N. Inc. specializes itself in the high end industries such as Engineering, Simulations and the Media and Entertainment Industry. The company offers a range of hardware, software products and services, including immersive technologies such as Augmented Reality, Virtual Reality and Mixed Reality.

New York City, New York

Adorama, known as the top place for all content-creators, photographers and vloggers, now offers Varjo Aero to individuals but also XR-3 and VR-3 enterprises, among its large selection of electronics products.

Advanced SimRacing is the fastest-growing North American racing simulation chassis manufacturer and digital motorsport equipment retailer.

Azken Muga is a leader in advanced computing solutions and professional graphics visualization, a specialist in graphic stations, HPC, VDI and cloud computers, render and parallel computing servers. Since its foundation in 1996, Azken Muga has been offering the best hardware solutions for the professional sectors of design, engineering, digital content creation, advanced visualization, and simulation, until it has become a benchmark company in the professional market nationwide.

Bohemia Interactive Simulations (BISim) uses the latest technology and a large, experienced in-house team of engineers to develop high-fidelity, cost-effective training and simulation software products and components for defense applications.

Tailormade Professional Simulation and Training Solutions.

CHANNEL XR is the premier procurement and solution integration team for Extended Reality in the Industrial Enterprise, STEM Education, Healthcare, Corporate Innovation, R&D and Immersive Entertainment. We provide high end VR/AR headsets, workstation grade high performance computing, content creation and 3D workflow software and robotics.

Creativex Consulting provides products and services in the training and simulation industry.

Madrid and Seville, Spain

CT Engineering Group is a leading engineering company in technological innovation throughout the entire product life cycle:  from product design engineering and manufacturing to post-sales support engineering. In addition to CT Engineering Group’s strong engineering and product design and development expertise, they have a special division developing and offering immersive products and services including Varjo’s virtual and mixed reality headsets. Customers can experience Varjo’s headsets in CT Engineering Group’s offices in Madrid and Seville.

The best, big-brand racing, flight and golf simulator gear and accessories at the very best prices backed by out-of-the-world customer service.

Solutions for behavioral studies, psychology and multimodal research.

GC Micro is a current SEWP contract holder (contract # NNG15SC75B).

GoVR Immersive provides customized VR/MR/AR business solutions and application developments to a wide-ranging of clients in different industries, including but not limited to government departments, institutions, agencies and commercial corporations, etc. delivering projects that encompass Entertainment, Education, Industrial and commercial.

Hysim Technology (HYSIM) provides the PLMVR solutions including the world-leading VR/XR softwares & hardwares and technical services to the rail transportation, automotive manufacturing, ship& offshore, Industrial Equipment, Aerospace, Electric Energy, Institutes fields, etc.

Expert européen de la réalité virtuelle, la réalité augmentée, et des solutions collaboratives pour l’industrie et la recherche.

We advise, design, and implement your ideas for smart 2D/3D/mixed reality working landscapes.

Inet erbjuder det senaste för gaming- och teknikentusiaster. Vi har idag 100 kunniga, engagerade och prisbelönta medarbetare som erbjuder branschens bästa kundupplevelse. Försäljning sker till både privatpersoner och företag via Inet.se och butiker belägna i Stockholm, Göteborg och Malmö.

Innosimulation has been serving cutting-edge simulation technologies in the automotive, railway, heavy equipment, and defense market for more than 20 years.

We are an AV systems integration company that prides itself on reliability. We have provided complex solutions for Fortune 500 firms, federal agencies, high-traffic financial institutions, and elite universities.

Jorjin is a provider of Varjo XR-3 and VR-3 headsets in Taiwan, including enterprise level technical support.

Knoxlabs is the everything VR marketplace. We specialize in VR and motion capture equipment and services. Knoxlabs has been in operation since 2014 and is based in Glendale, CA. We’re open for in-person demos and easy online checkout with financing options available.

Lenovo’s professional workstations and Varjo’s VR and XR headsets are specifically engineered to perform in the most sophisticated and demanding enterprise use cases. Purchase “Certified for Varjo” workstations along with any device available in Varjo’s portfolio via Lenovo’s distribution channels.

We are the authoritative VR and AR experts, we curate the breadth and depth of immersive technology to provide turnkey commercial solutions for customers in training, government, research, medical, and entertainment.

Matts Digital is a high value-added distributor specialized in Augmented Reality (AR) and Virtual Reality (VR) solutions.

San Benedetto del Tronto, Italy

Provider of Extended Reality solutions in Italy.

NANCO is a major solution and service provider in Scandinavia’s industrial design and entertainment industry. We specialize in realtime visualization, photorealistic rendering, CAD, and architecture engineering constructions. NANCO acts as Integrator/Value Added Reseller to market-leading high-technology suppliers.

Dubai, United Arab Emirates

Omnix International is a Sharia’a compliant, industry-leading provider of solutions in digital infrastructure, digital transformation, computer-aided engineering, mixed reality, cloud computing and managed services, with over 30 years of experience.

OverPower produces and sells esports hardware with superior performance, quality and aesthetics.  OverPower sells Varjo Aero.

Player1 Sim Gear is an online destination for simulation enthusiasts, whether racers, flight simmers or other sims. Player1 Sim Gear is a reseller of the Varjo Aero product in Australia.

For over 30 years, Precision Flight Controls (PFC) has been engineering and manufacturing custom flight simulators for General and Commercial and Military Aviation, providing precision quality, affordability, and FAA-approved AATD simulators.

Boise, Idaho and Hollywood, California

Silverdraft focuses on the use of unique supercomputing architecture to address the significant computational and processing needs of high-end rendering, VR, visual effects, and visualization.

ST Engineering is global technology, defence and engineering group specialising in the aerospace, electronics, land systems and marine sectors.

ST Engineering Antycip is European leader in Virtual Reality, Simulation, Visual Displays & Engineering services.

STORM FX is one of the leading providers of Virtual Reality (VR), Augmented Reality (AR), and Mixed Reality (MR) solutions in Australia and New Zealand.

For over 27 years STORM FX has combined world-class software, hardware, consulting, and technical services to help customers optimize their IT infrastructures, create industry-leading projects and achieve their business goals.

Symetri has 20 years of VR experience and can supply everything you need to get started visualising your products and designs. Our long experience gives us an edge in choosing the correct hardware and software to maximise the use of Virtual Reality.

Synergy Integration is an IT Solutions & Managed Services Provider, and they have been leading the COTS –“Commercial Off The Shelf” products sales for the simulation market in Israel.

Synergy Simulation and Training

SYNERGY S&T delivers high quality COTS Simulation, Training and Visualization products, solutions and services for land, air, sea, space and cyber domains. We virtualize the reality into dynamic synthetic environments for smart training, experimentation, strategic planning, mission rehearsal, tactical and urban operations.

SystemActive (a division of Jarvis Tech) is an award-winning IT Solutions provider offering outstanding value & service on immersives devices, laptops, desktops, workstations and more from market leading vendors since 1998.

Supplier of VR and MR hardware and services in Benelux.

Finland’s most popular and visited domestic online retailer, Verkkokauppa.com serves its retail and corporate customers through its webstore, megastores, 24h kiosk and network of collection points as well as fast deliveries and various services.

Business VR / AR hardware supplier in Benelux.

Sorry, we couldn't find any resellers matching your filters.

Can't find your country or location?

BOOK A DEMO WITH RESELLER

Companies can order Varjo headsets directly from our web store. Please note that purchasing requires a valid company tax registration number. We currently ship to the following countries:

Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hong Kong, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom, United States.

If you need any assistance, please reach out to Varjo sales to discuss how we can best support you.

 can order the new Varjo Aero here.

Apply to become a Varjo reseller

We are constantly looking for new world-class resellers to expand professional access to our industry-leading VR and XR products. Please fill in our partnership application to start the discussion.

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Individuals

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.