ThissiteisoptimizedwiththeYoastSEOPremiumpluginv22.0(YoastSEOv22.0)-https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/
VRwithHighestPerformance–

/YoastSEOPremiumplugin.

DONOTCOPYTHISSNIPPET!StartofPageAnalyticsTrackingforHubSpotWordPresspluginv11.0.4

DONOTCOPYTHISSNIPPET!EndofPageAnalyticsTrackingforHubSpotWordPressplugin

EndGoogleTag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Software

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Varjo-Ready Software

Ready to step into the new reality? Varjo headsets offer complete compatibility with ™, ™, 1.0, and a broad range of professional 3D software for VR and XR, including ™, Lockheed Martin Prepar3d™, VBS BlueIG™, and FlightSafety Vital™. Varjo also supports SteamVR™ applications.

In addition, any software is easily ported into Varjo via OpenXR or Varjo native SDK.

See and search for all Varjo-ready software below.

“Varjo has pushed the boundaries of high-resolution mixed reality for professionals across various industries. By working with Varjo, Unity continues to power the next level of photorealism and immersion for industrial design, simulation, training, and more.”

– AC Mahendran, Director of XR, Unity

“We are thrilled to deepen our collaboration with Varjo on their next-generation product line. When you combine the visual performance of Varjo with Unreal Engine, creators will be able to explore the next frontier of immersion using the unprecedented levels of visual performance.”

– Sébastien Lozé, industry manager for simulations at Epic Games

“Varjo has been a valuable contributor to OpenXR since 2019. Varjo’s VR and XR headsets were some of the first to publicly demonstrate support for OpenXR. We are extremely happy to add Varjo and their unique approach to delivering higher visual fidelity in virtual and mixed reality experiences to the growing list of companies fully supporting the OpenXR 1.0 specification.”

– Brent Insko, Lead XR Architect at Intel and OpenXR Working Group Chair

Search for Varjo Ready-Software for VR and XR

Varjo

OpenVR is a VR standard commonly used by SteamVR applications. All Varjo headsets are fully compatible with OpenVR and SteamVR games, but running the application in OpenVR mode means that some Varjo-specific features might not be available (such as human-eye resolution, foveated rendering, and advanced mixed reality functions).

3DEXCITE Deltagen by Dassault Systèmes

 2021x: VR support over OpenXR

2022x: VR & XR support over OpenXR, incl. depth occlusion and finger tracking

3DEXPERIENCE by Dassault Systèmes

 R2023x FD01: support for 

2023x FD04 (on-prem) / 2024x (cloud): VR & XR support over OpenXR, incl. depth occlusion

 Supported via OpenVR (some advanced Varjo features might not be available)

Autodesk VRED

“ and XR-3 used together with Autodesk VRED are revolutionizing how design and creative work is being done by unlocking unlimited creative potential for virtual prototyping. Users are immersed in the most natural XR/VR environments.”

– Lukas Fäth, Product Manager Autodesk VRED

 2021.1 is natively compatible with XR-1 and VR-2

2022.0 introduces support for XR-3 and VR-3 without foveation. For XR-3 hand-tracking is also supported

2022.1 introduces support for foveation

2022.2 introduces support for handtracking on VR-3

2022.3 introduces support for Aero and improved interaction with hands.

NOTE: For Varjo's foveation to work, user must turn on "eye tracking" and "native foveated rendering" in VRED

 Blender has native support for VR-3, including foveation

XR is not supported natively, but it might work with OpenVR's alpha channel (not yet tested)

“Varjo delivers a remarkable resolution, giving true reading acuity, while having peripheral awareness. CAE is excited to leverage these new Varjo capabilities to enhance crew training.”

– Philippe Perey, Head of Technology at CAE’s Defense &amp; Security Business (CAE Medallion)

The fidelity of Varjo Headsets combined with the simplicity of CMC ViewR brings XR engineering to a new level! We and our customers are very excited about the possibilities this fusion brings up.

– Julian Hermle, CTO

 CMC ViewR is a virtual reality solution for mechanical and plant engineering, which enables a manufacturing company to visualize its products easily and collaboratively based on 3D CAD or Pointcloud data.

version 2022.1 adds native support for Varjo headsets including support for Mixed Reality. 

“Varjo’s resolution and eye tracking helps Cognitive3D’s analytics platform pull actionable data from virtual experiences like never before. With Varjo, subjects can read fine text and we can precisely track what they look at.”

– Tony Bevilacqua, Founder &amp; CEO of Cognitive3D

Creators of immersive experiences and developers of AVRTED VR/XR production workflow for professional uses cases. Two approaches, one goal: Transcend uses and build better tools for tomorrow's world.

 AVRTED solution integrated through UNREAL ENGINE 4.

 In Jan 2022, DCS added native support for Varjo's VR-3, including fixed foveation. 

DCS does not have built-in support for XR-functions, but XR-3 users can use fixed foveation in combination with Varjo Lab Tools XR-masking tool.

Instructions on how to make DCS work with can be found here:

EMPACT by HTX Labs

The highest visual fidelity of Varjo enables a trainee to perform optimally within mission critical training simulations to develop proficiency and preparedness.

– Scott Schneider, CEO and Co-Founder of HTX Labs

 HTX Labs is the creator of EMPACT®, an Immersive Learning Platform, that is focused on enabling customers to create, scale, and sustain immersive learning programs, using technologies such as Virtual, Augmented, and Mixed Reality. The capabilities provided by EMPACT allow customers to quickly deliver critical training to the point of need, allowing students to train anytime, anywhere, and on any device.

 Supported via OpenVR (some advanced Varjo features might not be available)

 Supported via OpenVR (some advanced Varjo features might not be available)

“Varjo enables experiencing the highest-quality virtual environment possible, and we give instructors the tools to help their students master that environment.”

– James Weatherhead, CTO and President of EyeTracking

 Support for Mixed Reality on XR-1 and XR-3. Works through OpenVR's AlphaBlending

 Supported via OpenVR (some advanced Varjo features might not be available)

Headwall is a command center video wall virtualized in augmented reality. The Headwall system connects to a traditional command center head end and utilizes SSL encrypted IP streaming video and control data over the WAN. Video sources are routable to virtual displays in the VR/AR environment.

The system works identically to your existing command center with one exception. Instead of requiring operators to physically sit in the command center, operators can access and manipulate data on the video wall anywhere in the world via a head-mounted AR or VR display.

 and ESI IC.IDO together allow Design, Manufacturing, and Service Engineering Teams to experience their assembly and service procedures interactively within their XR Environments. The high-fidelity pass-through visualization coupled with depth awareness in delivers a true-to-life interactive experience that allows engineers to investigate the assembly procedures as performed by the operators and co-relate them to the XR environments in a natural, interactive and intuitive manner. Together, and ESI IC.IDO deliver trust that empowers teams to reduce late changes and accelerate the ramp-up of production and service operations. 

-	Vikram Bapat, Product Manager

 ESI IC.IDO 15.1 supports VR-3 and XR-3 visualization in VR Only Mode 

ESI IC.IDO 16.0 supports XR-3 with XR Pass-Through Visualization and Depth Awareness

The iMotions platform allows the collection of synchronized data from multiple biosensors, including the sophisticated eye tracking built in to the Varjo headsets. Eye tracking data can be seamlessly synchronized with signals from biosensors, such as EDA (electrodermal activity), EMG (electromyography), ECG (electrocardiography), and EEG (electroencephalography). The use of multimodal biosensor data in the iMotions platform can provide insights about the user’s emotional and physiological states as they experience the virtual environment.

 KeyVR 11.1 offers improved support of all Varjo's headset through OpenXR. 

The 11.1 version does have some issues with visible edges in the VR-view. To avoid it, increase quality to "ultra", or head to the KeyVR preferences, into graphics, custom, and then toggle VRS off or increase the percentage slider underneath the checkbox to make the edges of the display look more even.

KeyVR version 10 supports Varjo's headset through OpenVR. It also supports Mixed Reality through OpenVR's AlphaBlending on both XR-1 and XR-3.

“With Varjo’s latest headsets, we see a potential to take high-fidelity simulation training to a new level of realism, immersion and emotional engagement.”

– Ingrid Laerdal, Vice President of Patient Care at Laerdal

MAK Technologies is a global leader in modeling and simulation software that links, simulates, and visualizes virtual worlds in networked synthetic environments.  MAK Technologies provides Varjo hardware along with its software solutions.

“With MARUI-Plugin, you can use Varjo to use Autodesk Maya in VR at human eye resolution. A tiny step in adoption, a giant leap in productivity.”

– Max Krichenbauer, MARUI

“Varjo’s photorealistic resolution gives users the ability to see reflections and shadows of their 3D models, as well as read text, all of which create a realistic experience for collaboration amongst meeting participants.”

– Cristian Emanuel Anton, CEO of MeetinVR

“With , pilots get the most natural and fully immersive training ever experienced. Bringing together the unique resolution and FOV of the with our software offers a combined capability that is – we believe – unique to the current simulator training space.”

– Bert Haselden, Mixed-Reality Lead, MetaVR

 Supported via OpenXR using standard extensions

“With Mindesk, Varjo provides CAD designers a crystal clear picture of 3D geometries including lines, curves and surfaces through its human-eye resolution headset.”

– Gabriele Sorrento, CEO at Mindesk VR

NX Virtual Reality by Siemens

 Supported via OpenVR (some advanced Varjo features might not be available)

OpenXR

“Varjo has been a valuable contributor to OpenXR since 2019. Varjo’s VR and XR headsets were some of the first to publicly demonstrate support for OpenXR. We are extremely happy to add Varjo and their unique approach to delivering higher visual fidelity in virtual and mixed reality experiences to the growing list of companies fully supporting the OpenXR 1.0 specification.”

– Brent Insko, Lead XR Architect at Intel and OpenXR Working Group Chair

“Our current application allows you to highlight very small, intricate parts of the anatomy of the hand, parts which would be lost to low resolution and screen-door-effect on other VR devices.”

– Arne Schlenzka, MD &amp; CEO at Osgenic

PC Nova by Aechelon

I have selected, procured, and integrated high-end VR head-mounted displays since 1991. Varjo XR products are the first to reach the proper suspension of disbelief for our stringent use cases.

– Javier Castellar, Co-founder, and VP of Programs at Aechelon Technology.

Prepar3d by Lockheed Martin

“Together, Varjo and Prepar3D deliver a completely immersive, experiential learning environment in photorealistic VR.”

– Adam Breed, Engineering Project Manager at Lockheed Martin

 Requires software such as or Unity

 Requires software such as Mindesk

“With the Varjo headset you can actually read the text on the signs at various distances and make out what the small objectives are in the distance.”

– Jordan Dauble, Simblocks.io

 Supported via OpenVR (some advanced Varjo features might not be available)

"The improved visual fidelity opens the door for more effective and efficient training in a VR simulator."

– Christophe Rind, Sogitec

“Varjo is taking a unique approach to building high-end industrial VR products, and we are excited that users of Varjo will be able to take advantage of the wide array of SteamVR content.”

– Joe Ludwig, Valve

TechViz

“Now engineers and designers can visualize 3D data from more than 200 applications like Catia, NX and Creo immediately in retina resolution VR.” 

– Alexis Vartanian, CTO of TechViz

 Requires Quadro RTX cards

Touch of Life Technologies

"A level of quality and realism required for medical professionals seeking to study and understand the complexities of the human body."

– Greg Spitzer, CEO of Touch of Life Technologies

 The foveation can be turned on/ off by adding a command-line parameter while launching the Twinmotion executable. To turn foveation off, add this command: "-xr.OpenXRDisableVarjoQuadViewRendering=true". To turn foveation ON, add this command: "-xr.OpenXRDisableVarjoQuadViewRendering=false"

“Varjo headsets provide both great resolution and eye tracking, both of which are required in demanding industrial applications.”

– Denis Shergin, UNIGINE CEO and Founder

Unity

“Varjo has pushed the boundaries of high-resolution mixed reality for professionals across various industries. By working with Varjo, Unity continues to power the next level of photorealism and immersion for industrial design, simulation, training, and more.”

– AC Mahendran, Director of XR, Unity

 Support through Varjo Unity plugin

Unreal Engine

“We are thrilled to deepen our collaboration with Varjo on their next-generation product line. When you combine the visual performance of the and with Unreal Engine, creators will be able to explore the next frontier of immersion using the unprecedented levels of visual performance.”

– Sébastien Lozé, industry manager for simulations at Epic Games

Varjo XR-3

VBS Blue IG by Bohemia Interactive Simulations

“Combined with BI Simulations’ VBS Blue IG, Varjos enable a high-fidelity yet affordable visual system supporting human-eye resolution which is unprecedented in the industry today.”

– Pete Morrison, Chief Commercial Officer at Bohemia Interactive Simulations

Varjo XR-3

“Varjo‘s XR-4 series makes the XR experience more comfortable thanks to the improved headset balance. Using the highest-resolution displays combined with the wide field of view provides a more natural immersion. These are great enablers for longer driving sessions on the simulator.“

– Roberto De Vecchi, Director of Product Development at VI-grade

 Varjo XR-3 headset is supported starting with VI-WorldSim version 2024.1, with support for Varjo XR-4 headsets coming soon through the OpenXR framework in Unreal Engine 5.

Varjo XR-3

Vital by Flight Safety

“In the world of virtual and mixed reality training, there’s been a barrier in headset resolution. And Varjo has broken through that barrier.”

– Bob Vaughn, Mixed Reality Product Manager at FlightSafety (Vital)

Varjo XR-3
Varjo VR-3

Varjo XR-3
Varjo VR-3

 X-Plane 11 is supported using OpenVR, so resolution is limited. Support for Mixed Reality on XR-1 and XR-3 using Varjo Lab Tools and Chroma Key. 

Varjo XR-3
Varjo VR-3
Varjo Aero

XpertVR creates immersive VR learning experiences for police and investigative resources, fire and emergency response, post-secondary institutions and DEI training.

“Varjo enables us to advance our automotive visualization platform by delivering our state-of-the-art sales and marketing content at human-eye resolution.”

– Chris O’Connor, Technical Director at ZeroLight

 Support for Mixed Reality on XR-1 and XR-3. Works through OpenVR's AlphaBlending.

Sorry, we couldn't find any software matching your filters.

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.