Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
 –Guide the future of XR & VR

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources s and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller
Varjo Influencer Program

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Apply to the Varjo Influencer Program

Varjo favors the bold. Are you itching to tell the tale of absolute immersion, and play a vital role in the resolution revolution?

Spread the word with the tools to get heard

Who are we looking for?

Our ideal collaborators meet the following criteria;

Have 10,000+ followers on a main channel
Hold a highly engaged audience
Keep a regular posting schedule
Focus on Varjo-related topics (XR/VR, tech, simulation and gaming)

Do you remember the moment virtual reality first captured your imagination? The idea of a device that instantly teleports you and all of your senses to another world, with complete immersion, where the rules and constraints of our everyday lives simply do not exist?

We do, and so do your followers.

By focusing on pushing the boundaries of what’s possible in virtual and mixed reality, Varjo is behind the most advanced hardware and software available in the industry. If you want to be amongst the first to deliver news and insights on the absolute forefront of VR and XR technology, join the Varjo Influencer Program, and get access to tools such as advanced insider information, demo devices, software access, affiliate links and more.

Covering new hardware, exciting new software features, or other technological breakthroughs; make sure you are the first to know what's cooking at Varjo HQ.

Ever felt a little disappointed that VR tech doesn't live up to your imagination? Varjo gives a fascinating glimpse into what no-compromise immersive tech can look like.

With millions of combined view counts across various platforms, join other leading content creators who have fired up their audiences with Varjo-related content.

Get access to review units for our legendary professional-grade headsets, try our software solutions and be amongst the first to try VR and XR tech of tomorrow.

Hear more from the world of Varjo

E-Book: Beyond the Books – A Guide to VR/XR for Academic Use Power Your Research and Education

Apply to the Varjo Academic Discount Program

E-Book: A Researcher’s Guide to VR, XR, and Eye Tracking

E-book

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.