Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
VR for & Academia: Teach complex topics in VR/AR – Varjo.com

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

Education

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Don't tell your students about it, show them.

Compared to 2D screens, Varjo’s mixed and virtual reality solutions improve student engagement and learning outcomes through immersive environments and true-to-life visualizations of complex topics.

Learn why leading universities worldwide choose Varjo’s solutions in XR and VR for education and to engage with their students and power their research.

Benefits across all the faculties.

Learn and collaborate in immersive environments that are completely fail-safe and true-to-life, to enable faster, more engaged learning.
Visualize complex data in 3D to gain a more complete understanding of system dynamics.
Better prepare students for job experiences at a lower cost by supplementing real-world training with immersive learning in the early stages.
Measure student and participant performance objectively with Varjo’s integrated VR based eye tracking.
Create portable, scalable, and repeatable research setups and scenarios easily.

Why invest in the world's most advanced mixed reality?

When teaching complex, technically demanding subjects, realism matters. Being able to see and interact with objects or work in environments that look and feel true-to-life directly impacts how engaged students are and what their learning outcomes will be.

Varjo XR-4 series headsets enable an incredibly natural experience, thanks to their industry-leading retinal resolution and a 120-degree horizontal and 105-degree vertical field of view. And with comfort factors such as active cooling and zero cybersickness, you can host longer training sessions without having to worry about adverse reactions.

With Varjo’s solutions, you’ll be able to teach technical subjects such as engineering and design, visualize complex topics such as human anatomy, practice core skills such as surgery or operating dangerous machinery, simulate critical scenarios such as emergency response, or conduct student research or studies in a scalable and repeatable way.

 Shot with Varjo XR-3

Hundreds of the leading universities in the world choose Varjo.

“Varjo is the only company providing the unique, high-end features and specs we need to prototype innovative future immersive experiences.”

“The high resolution of the Varjo headset combined with its eye tracking and passthrough capabilities have allowed us to simulate more realistic training scenarios with greater experimental control.”

– Michael Busa,
Director of the Center for Human Health and Performance, University of Massachusetts Amherst

“Varjo’s visual clarity, in addition to faithful color reproduction and brightness, are outstanding and ahead of any other system we have tested in the past.”

– Franco de Flaviis,
Professor at the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, the Henry Samueli School of Engineering, UCI

“Varjo headsets are excellent tools for our cutting edge research in novel user interfaces for different fields, including automotive, medical, training, education, culture and accessibility sectors.”

–Roope Raisamo, Head of TAUCHI Research Center and Professor at the Faculty of Information Technology and Communication Sciences, Tampere University

Want to learn more about Varjo's VR/XR for education?

Our professional-grade virtual and mixed reality solutions will transform the way learning is done.

Learn more about Varjo products and services for education below.

Academic Pricing
Explore Varjo headsets and solutions

Read our latest insights on using VR/XR for education

Stepping into a New Reality in Education: Rotterdam University of Applied Sciences Introduces a Specialized Course in VR, AR, and MR

Varjo Fireside Chats: Adopting VR Technology for the Classroom

Transforming Anatomy Education with Virtual and Mixed Reality – Case Touch of Life Technologies

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.