ThissiteisoptimizedwiththeYoastSEOPremium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Mixed Reality Training |Focal Edition

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition
Varjo XR-3

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Varjo XR-3 Focal Edition: Visual Precision for Advanced Mixed Reality Training

Varjo XR-3 Focal Edition offers superior visual quality for advanced mixed reality simulation use cases where seeing small text and illustrations on physical instruments close-up is mission-critical.

Explore the all new XR-4 Focal Edition

Ultimate visual precision in mixed reality.

Varjo XR-3 Focal Edition

Optimized mixed reality camera components for seeing crucial dials and knobs close to the user in proper focus.
Enhanced security measures, with the ability to access the device offline and with full invisibility to radio frequency communications.
Fully TAA-compliant (the Trade Agreements Act), for deployments with special requirements.
All features of the standard Varjo XR-3, delivering the most immersive mixed reality experience ever with photorealistic visual fidelity.
Contact us to get a demo and quote 

Visual precision in mixed reality close up.

Seeing crucial dials and knobs in proper focus with content close to the user requires a closer focusing point.

The mixed reality camera system in the Varjo XR-3 Focal Edition is calibrated to provide improved image clarity in the 30 cm to 80 cm range (12” to 31”) from the headset, in comparison to a standard XR-3.

Highest-level security and privacy.

The XR-3 Focal Edition is built with the most demanding security environments in mind, across defense, intelligence, and critical infrastructure.

The headset is sold with a perpetual, offline license that enables operations in non-internet connected environments and does not require users to create accounts.

Furthermore, it can be delivered with radio frequency capability removed as required to operate in some classified environments.

Specialized compliance needs covered.

The XR-3 Focal Edition is fully TAA-compliant (the Trade Agreements Act), with the devices being built at Varjo’s HQ in Helsinki, Finland.

TAA compliance is becoming an ever-increasing requirement enabling HMD-based solutions to be used for secure and classified operations.

All the industry-leading features of the standard model.

Offering photorealistic, true-to-life mixed reality combined with industry-leading capabilities and components found in a headset, the Varjo XR-3 Focal Edition includes everything available in the standard Varjo XR-3.

It is also compatible with all the same software applications and hardware devices—no extra customization is required.

“The Varjo XR-3 Focal Edition offers the required visual fidelity for advanced training simulations where operating physical instruments within mixed reality is mission-critical.”

 -
 General in Reserve & Former Chief of Defence, Finnish Defence Forces

“In mixed reality pilot training, having the visual precision to operate avionics is paramount. Lockheed Martin's simulators integrate with the Varjo XR-3 Focal Edition’s passthrough cameras for viewing the physical controls and dashboards in a cockpit.”

Adam Breed, Strategic Technologies Architect, Lockheed Martin Training and Logistics Solutions

“With this advanced mixed reality solution, pilots can also use physical controllers that are needed to operate commercial aircraft, strongly enhancing our training outcomes.”

Daniel Jäger, TKI, Lufthansa Aviation Training Switzerland AG

“Our engineering team has noticed a clear difference in the ability to read instruments on the avionics panel thanks to Varjo’s all new XR-3 Focal Edition.”

Chad Schmitz, Product Manager for Mixed Reality Flight, FlightSafety International

“With the XR-3 Focal Edition, we’re able to deliver world-class mixed-reality, multi-sensor and visual solutions for a variety of advanced customers for the US Air Force, US Navy, US Marines, US Coast Guard, and Allied Partner nations on the most stringent use cases.”

Javier Castellar, CSO and Co-Founder, Aechelon Technology Inc.

“The Varjo XR-3 Focal Edition perfectly addresses our customer’s requirements for training in Mixed Reality.”

George Forbes, CEO, IDSI

“The XR-3 Focal Edition provides the clarity to check if the wings of an aircraft miles away are level while also clearly and vibrantly showing something that is millimeters in size in the operations center.”

Dan Meeks, Simulation Consultant, Battlespace Simulations

“We’re seeing a radical improvement when reading print and digital text in a mixed reality cockpit training scenario with the Varjo XR-3 Focal Edition.”

Bert Haselden, Mixed Reality Lead Engineer, MVRsimulation

 Technical Specifications of Varjo XR-3 Focal Edition

What’s in the box:

Varjo XR-3 Focal Edition mixed reality headset
2 headset adapters 
2 power supply units
6 power plugs, 2 of each

Full Frame Bionic Display with human-eye resolution.
Focus area (27° x 27°) at 70 PPD uOLED, 1920 x 1920 px per eye
Peripheral area at over 30 PPD LCD, 2880 x 2720 px per eye
Colors: 99% sRGB, 93% DCI-P3

Ultra-low latency, dual 12-megapixel video pass-through at 90 Hz

Video pass-through depth of field

30 cm to 80 cm / 12″ to 31″

LiDAR + RGB fusion, 40 cm–5 m operating range

3-point precision fit headband
Replaceable, easy-to-clean polyurethane face cushions
Automatic interpupillary distance adjustment 59-71mm

594 g + headband 386g

Width 200 mm, height 170 mm, length 300 mm

Two headset adapters in-box
Two USB-C cables (5 m) in-box
PC Connections: 2 x DisplayPort and 2 x USB-A 3.0+

SteamVR™ 2.0 (recommended) or 1.0 tracking system
Varjo inside-out tracking (beta) utilizing RGB video pass-through cameras

200 Hz with sub-degree accuracy; 1-dot calibration for foveated rendering

3.5mm audio jack with microphone support

Learn more and get a demo

Get in touch with our experts to learn more about the Varjo XR-3 Focal Edition and how it suits your advanced training use cases. Contact us to get a demo and quote.

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.