Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
 – Varjo.com

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v1.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 3 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Varjo Insider Blog

Want to get notified about the latest blog posts?

Become a Varjo Insider

Pop the hood on the virtual, augmented, and mixed reality community.

The Varjo Insider blog is the perfect place to keep up to date with our developer insights, tech tips, and insider opinions on VR, AR, and XR hardware and software.

What is the Varjo Insider Blog and how can I get involved?

XR/VR tips and tricks

Product Story of the Varjo XR-4 Series: Next-Generation Headsets Optimized for Comfort and Usability

 by 
 Tuomas Nylén, Principal Industrial er, Varjo

Varjo Headsets and VI-grade Driving Simulators Are Teaming Up to Accelerate Automotive HMI Development

 by 
 Gabriele Ferrarotti, Marketing Director, VI-grade

How Businesses Can Drive ROI from Their Mixed Reality Investments

 by 
 Patrick Wyatt, Chief Product Officer, Varjo

XR/VR generic

Get to Know the Varjo XR-4 Series: Transforming Professional Workflows with Highest-Immersion Virtual and Mixed Reality

 by 
 Ferhat Sen, Director, XR Technology Solutions, Varjo

Varjo at I/ITSEC 2023: Forging a New Era in VR/XR 

XR/VR tips and tricks

How Varjo HMDs and LPVR Boost Productivity in Automotive and Drive Testing

 by 
 Aleum Park, Head of PR and Marketing, LP-Research Inc.,
 Klaus Petersen, Ph.D., CEO, LP-Research Inc.

6 Examples of Immersive Research Conducted Using Varjo Devices

Design

Reshaping Retail with Virtual and Mixed Reality Innovations

 by 
 Dorian Frayssinet, Account Executive, Varjo

How to Leverage Mixed Reality for Medical Simulation and Training: Your Questions Answered

 by 
 Ben Krynski, Co-Founder, Real Response

 XR/VR generic,
 XR/VR tips and tricks

Welcome Behind the Scenes of Advanced Virtual and Mixed Reality Experiences with Varjo Insider

 by 
 Ben Cathcart, Product Marketing Manager, Varjo

Motion Platforms in VR/XR – Use Cases, Benefits, and Implementation

 by 
 Ferhat Sen, Director, XR Technology Solutions, Varjo

Training and Simulation

How the USAF Trains Pilots of the Future with XR: Your Questions Answered

 by 
 Alex Horn, Major, US Air Force Defense Innovation Unit,
 John Burwell, Global Lead for Simulation and Training, Varjo,
 TJ Moser, Aviation Business Unit Lead, Vertex Solutions

Design

VR for Architecture: Breathing Life into the Masterplan for IFE at Kjeller

 by 
 Isabel Ruiz Lopez, Grape Architects,
 Peter Dang, Grape Architects

Design

5 Examples of Mixed and Virtual Reality Applications from Creative Industries

XR/VR tips and tricks

Mixed Reality Camera Settings: How to Get the Best Picture Quality

 by 
 Mike Geida, Onboarding Specialist, Varjo,
 Ray Stephenson, Sales Engineer, Varjo

1

5

What is the Varjo Insider Blog?

This blog features articles authored directly by Varjo team members or featuring guest posts from other friends and our partners in the industry. With no strict restrictions on how content is put together here, the scope is wide open, but expect overviews of experimental mixed reality (XR) and virtual reality (VR) technology, diaries of passion projects, interviews, how-to guides, opinion pieces, and hot takes on industry news.

If you would like to show off your XR flight sim cockpit build, show how you have implemented the Varjo Lab Tools application into your team’s project, give your take on the metaverse, or contribute in any way, shape, or form; don’t hesitate to get in touch. We won’t bite!

DISCUSS A GUEST POST WITH US

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.