About usOverviewDigitalisationEnergy transition
tado° – intelligent climate management

Heating and cooling buildings is one of the largest sources of CO2 emissions. Around a third of all global energy consumption goes into the heating and cooling of buildings. We are changing this.
tado° – intelligent climate management

Heating and cooling buildings is one of the largest sources of CO2 emissions. Around a third of all global energy consumption goes into the heating and cooling of buildings. We are changing this.
tado° – intelligent climate management

Heating and cooling buildings is one of the largest sources of CO2 emissions. Around a third of all global energy consumption goes into the heating and cooling of buildings. We are changing this.
 and costs

tado° heats or cools only when and where it’s necessary. That saves energy, is good for the environment and for your wallet.
Save energy

tado° cuts down your heating and cooling energy use by up to 28%*.

Less energy consumption means less costs. tado° Smart Thermostats typically pay off for users after a short time.

With tado° you can make a measurable contribution to reducing your carbon footprint without giving up on comfort.*Based on the Fraunhofer Institute for Building Physics Study: "Dynamic simulation study to compare the energy demand of selected, typical homes with heating control with weather forecast and absence detection versus conventional heating control", 2022 (EER-021/2022/720).

Save energy without sacrificing comfort. tado° makes it easy. Make your heating or AC smart and control it simply via app, your voice, or fully automated. Just as you like.

The tado° app allows you to adjust your home climate exactly to your preferences. In addition, you’ll receive many helpful insights.
Siri, Alexa & Google

tado° works seamlessly with the major smart home platforms: Google Assistant, Amazon Alexa, and Apple HomeKit.

Smart features like Geofencing and Weather Adaptation help you to get the most out of tado°.
Leading in intelligent climate solutions

tado° is the leader in smart technology for home climate control and has the right solution for every household.
State of the Art

tado° is a pioneer when it comes to intelligent climate solutions and sets the standards. Our state-of-the-art technology is continuously developed.

tado° is a cross-manufacturer solution and is compatible with almost all heating systems from a wide range of manufacturers. In addition, we work closely with energy and installation companies.

Over one million installed devices, top customer ratings on Amazon, and satisfied customers from all over the world recommend tado°.