htmlAdd-on–Smart Radiator Thermostat
Add-on – Smart Radiator ThermostatOverviewSpecificationsPackage Variants
Add-on – Smart Radiator Thermostat

Want to control your temperature even more conveniently and precisely? Add additional to your Starter Kit. Their minimalist design fits perfectly into any home. And you save even more energy. The Smart Radiator Thermostat is also available as a Basic variant.

Trustpilot
You want to control your rooms individually in just one app?

Simply replace your conventional radiator thermostats with tado°. 
For example, you can create and manage intelligent schedules for each room.
Smart Radiator Thermostats

Works with both your own boiler and with district heating.
Smart Thermostat + Smart Radiator Thermostats 

If you have your own boiler, we recommend using the Smart Thermostat as the central control device. This will allow individual Smart Radiator Thermostats to control the boiler directly when needed and help save even more energy.
What’s in the box?

1 Smart Radiator Thermostat (Duo Pack: 2x; Quattro Pack: 4x)

2 AA batteries (Duo Pack: 2x2; Quattro Pack: 4x2)

6 radiator adapters (Duo Pack: 2x6; Quattro Pack: 4x6)

To connect your additional Smart Radiator Thermostat, simply follow the instructions in your tado° app. You’ll need no expert knowledge to accomplish the installation in just a few minutes. There is no risk of water leakage during the installation.Step-by-step guide

The Smart Radiator Thermostat connects to the internet via the Internet Bridge that’s part of your Starter Kit (not included in this package).Sensors

tado° measures temperature and humidity. The temperature sensor accuracy is 0.01°C.Radio communication

Frequency: 868 MHz (6LoWPAN)Multi-language support

The tado° app, instructions and software are available in English, German, French, Italian, Spanish and Dutch.WeightSmart Radiator Thermostat: 183 gFull packaging Single: 323 gFull packaging Duo: 604 gFull packaging Quattro: 1120 gPower supply

3,0 V DC - (2x AA batteries, 1,200 mAh). Compatible with Panasonic Eneloop AA 1900 mAh NiMH rechargeable batteries (the use of other types of rechargeable batteries is not recommended).Material

The outer shell consists of polycarbonate (PC) and ABS plastic in matte white.User interface

LED display, mechanical control knob.Control

Control via the app or manually operate using the control knob. You can deactivate the manual operation in the app with the Child Lock feature.

Make tado° a part of your connected home. Control your heating with Apple HomeKit. Use Siri, Google Assistant or Amazon Echo to control your heating using voice commands, and create Applets with IFTTT to connect tado° with other applications and smart devices. tado° can also be integrated into the eNet Smart Home system.

You can supplement your Starter Kit with additional Smart Radiator Thermostats. To control your whole home with tado°, add individual Smart Radiator Thermostats to each of your radiators or as needed.
Add-on – Smart Radiator Thermostat

To independently control your rooms with radiators, you can supplement your Starter Kit with extra Smart Radiator Thermostats.Buy now
Add-on – Smart Radiator Thermostat - Duo

Do you need more than one? Then get the Duo Pack and save twice!Buy now
Add-on – Smart Radiator Thermostat - Quattro

Do you need more than two? Then get the Quattro Pack and save even more!Buy now
Factory refurbished – tado° products as good as new

All the benefits and the full guarantee: with our refurbished products you take no risk.Discover deals