Thissiteisoptimized with the Yoast SEO plugin v22.3 - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
The First Scientific Article Based on a MedTrace-Sponsored Study Has Been Published - MedTrace

 / Yoast SEO plugin. 

 HFCM by 99 Robots - Snippet # 3: Google Analytics 

 /end HFCM by 99 Robots 
 HFCM by 99 Robots - Snippet # 2: GDPR 

 /end HFCM by 99 Robots 

Core Values
Investors, Grants & Awards

Core Values
Investors, Grants & Awards

The First Scientific Article Based on a MedTrace-Sponsored Study Has Been Published 

MedTrace is proud to see the methodology paper “Rationale and design of the RAPID-WATER-FLOW trial: Radiolabeled perfusion to identify coronary artery disease using water to evaluate responses of myocardial FLOW” published in Journal of Nuclear Cardiology (2024) vol. 31. The article is authored, among others, by Principal Investigator of the trial Marcelo F. Di Carli and it is the first scientific publication to come from a MedTrace-sponsored study.

The Phase III clinical trial RAPID-WATER-FLOW aims to test the diagnostic performance of 15O-water PET MPI to detect clinically significant epicardial coronary artery disease (CAD), while also addressing and improving on some of the limitations of the 15O-water tracer.

While the methodology paper of the trial is published in Journal of Nuclear Cardiology (2024) vol. 31, the trial is also the center of attention in an editorial in the same issue by Anisiia Crowley, MD, and Myron Gerson, MD, titled “The future of PET imaging: Looking forward to more choices and increased precision with the use of oxygen-15 water.”  

The two authors discuss the limitations and possible benefits of both the RAPID-WATER-FLOW trial and 15O-water in general, and MedTrace is pleased to read that they look forward to the results of the trial, as Crowley and Gerson writes:

“The design [of RAPID-WATER-FLOW] is exciting and innovative with clear potential to advance cardiac imaging.”

At MedTrace, Emily Vandenbroucke, Senior Director of Clinical Affairs, comments on the editorial:  

“I appreciated that Crowley and Gerson specifically highlighted the use of fractional flow reserve (FFR) and instantaneous wave-free ratio (iFR) as a “more clinically precise” truth standard for moderate stenoses, and how the study design will ultimately result in a “more accurate and generalizable description of the diagnostic performance of oxygen-15 water imaging.”  We are proud of these inclusions in the study design. As the authors point out, we also incorporate myocardial blood flow quantification as part of the blinded assessment of the oxygen-15 water images.”

“I too look forward to seeing the results of the RAPID-WATER-FLOW trial as we hope it will pave the way for making MedTrace’s PET point-of-care solution available in clinical practice to the benefit of patients and healthcare professionals,” says Emily Vandenbroucke. 

“The future of PET imaging: Looking forward to more choices and increased precision with the use of oxygen-15 water” was written by:

Anisiia Crowley, MD, Myron Gerson, MD * Division of Cardiovascular Health and Disease, Department of Internal Medicine, University of Cincinnati Medical Center, USA  

The editorial was published in Journal of Nuclear Cardiology (2024) vol. 31 and can be found here.  

“Rationale and design of the RAPID-WATER-FLOW trial: Radiolabeled perfusion to identify coronary artery disease using water to evaluate responses of myocardial FLOW” was written by:

Marcelo F. Di Carli, MD 1,*, Lars C. Gormsen, MD 2, Panithaya Chareonthaitawee, MD 3, Geoffrey B. Johnson, MD 3, Rob Beanlands, MD 4, Rob DeKemp, PhD 4, Thomas Schindler, MD 5, Robert Gropler, MD 5, Harshad Kulkarni, MD 6, Parren McNeely, MD 7, Prem Soman, MD, PhD 8, Orhan Oz, MD, PhD 9, Vlad Zaha, MD 9, Jens Sorensen, MD, PhD 10, Heinrich Harms, PhD 11, Cesare Orlandi, MD 11, Emily Vandenbroucke, PhD 11, James Udelson, MD 12

1 Departments of Medicine and Radiology, Brigham and Women’s Hospital, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA2 Department of Nuclear Medicine & PET Center, Aarhus University Hospital, Denmark3 Departments of Radiology and Medicine, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA4 National Cardiac PET Centre, Division of Cardiology, Department of Medicine, University of Ottawa Heart Institute, Ottawa, Canada 5 Department of Radiology, Washington University, St Louis, MO, USA 6 BAMF Health, Grand Rapids, MI, USA7 Department of Radiology, University of Iowa, Iowa City, IA, USA8 Departments of Medicine and Radiology, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA, USA9 Department of Radiology, UT Southwestern, Dallas, TX, USA10 PET Center, Uppsala University Hospital, Uppsala, Sweden11 MedTrace, Agern Alle 5A, 2970 Hørsholm, Denmark12 Division of Cardiology and the CardioVascular Center, Tufts Medical Center, Boston, MA, USA

The methodology paper was published in Journal of Nuclear Cardiology (2024) vol. 31 and can be found here.

* Corresponding author. Division of Cardiovascular Health and Disease, University of Cincinnati Medical Center, 231 Albert Sabin Way, ML #0542, Cincinnati, OH 45267, USA.

PrevPreviousMedTrace Has Activated Four New U.S. Sites, Adding Momentum and Excitement Around Its Phase III Clinical Trial 

NextShrinking the Manufacturing Footprint with PET Point-of-CareNext