EndGoogleTagManager

StartVWOCommonSmartcode

EndVWOCommon Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Join Our Partner Program | Beekeeper

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Partner Program & Opportunities 

Beekeeper Partners receive an abundance of support and access to resources to help refer/resell our software or build integrations that effectively address client pain points.

Some of Beekeeper Partners

Gain access to comprehensive support services, including sales, marketing, and technical training, that help you drive revenue and enhance customer loyalty.

Be positioned to strategically collaborate with our product team. Leverage our Open API to establish integrations that help meet a range of client needs – both yours and ours.

Earn commissions on deals referred to Beekeeper. Take advantage of co-branded marketing campaigns and targeted event opportunities.

Co-lead projects that help our clients implement process change that drives results. Grow your business by becoming an adept developer on the Beekeeper platform.

Partner Channel Manager – EMEAtorben.lehmeke@beekeeper.io+4916097254438

Global Partner Channel Sales Managertorben.freitag@beekeeper.io+4915252195572

Partner Channel Manager kat.michalik@beekeeper.io +41779140767

“As a Beekeeper Partner Team, you have the opportunity to enrich your portfolio and reach more customers. By partnering with us, you can go beyond desk workers and also tap into the fast-growing market of digitalizing frontline workers. Our platform provides a comprehensive solution to digitize the Frontline, improving communication and collaboration for businesses and their employees. Not only will this help increase your service revenue, but it will also improve your profitability. To learn more about how Beekeeper can benefit your business, please contact us. We would be happy to answer any questions you may have and explore how we can work together to achieve success.”

 August from TMC Enluf explains that 80% of all his customers’ employees are frontline workers

 We connect business processes with digital technology with our knowledge. We accompany our customers from the start and are responsible for a long-term, successful implementation and cooperation.

As integration, project and implementation partner for our customers we are the link between the technical software and the business processes of our customers. We ensure that standardized and successful solutions for the digitization of commercial employees are embedded in the existing digital ecosystem.

We set up the project, accompany, advise and further develop it together with our customers. With the goal of exploiting the potential of digitalization for commercial employees as well.

Andy G. Schmidt – CEO 6i Communication – Singapore 

“Beekeeper is our clients’ platform of choice for informing, involving, and inspiring everyone on their teams to innovate and cultivate intrinsic motivation on a truly inclusive platform.

Ultimately, it’s not what we put into the App. It’s about what employees get out of it.” 

Work with Beekeeper today.» Become a partner