EndGoogleTag Manager 

 Start VWO Common Smartcode 

 End VWO Common Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Manufacturing App for Frontline Success | Beekeeper

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Reach Every Manufacturing Employee

Connect directly with your workforce over app for manufacturing teams. Share information on a regional or global level. Train your teams better. Keep employees safer.

The Manufacturing App Trusted by Global Companies

Improve Safety on the Factory Floor

Save up to $36,000 per year on lost productivity alone by reducing workplace accidents. Ensure critical information is read, and easily share policy updates or safety instructions with a frontline-focused manufacturing app.

Instantly reach your whole team in a crisis event

Comply with new health and safety regulations with easy access to updated SOPs

Streamline manufacturing processes and project management with mobile checklists and digital safety forms

It takes on average 65 training hours to onboard a new employee. Instantly share up-to-date training materials to get new staff up to speed.

Share training videos to standardize processes

Send follow-up quizzes to confirm employees understand

Make guidelines and checklists digitally accessible from anywhere

Save time and reduce miscommunication with smart management software. Automatically translate all content into your employees’ preferred language.

Cut costs by eliminating the need to hire translators for written communications

Instantly translate content into 100+ languages

Reduce safety incidents with a lean manufacturing app

Words From Our Manufacturing Customers

“Safety is critical at Lakeside. Monthly safety meetings used to happen in person, but now we are developing more materials and utilizing our managers to share that information on Beekeeper. Our commitment to safety does not change with what’s going on—the need to be fast, having less people, get things done—there are no shortcuts.”
Anne Smith, Director of Communications, Lakeside Foods

“Inline translation has been a great tool to communicate with every employee. Our CEO is bilingual so he loves being able to share updates with all team members and know they will be able to receive them in their spoken language. It’s been so wonderful, and frankly, it’s helped us save money so we don’t have to pay a company to translate all communications for us!”
Anne Hanson, Sr. HR Business Partner, Bix Produce

“Before Beekeeper, our security guards were spending two hours each morning conducting manual COVID screenings for each employee in the parking lot. With Beekeeper we were able to adapt and digitize this process to where it is now fully automated.”
Ryan Smith, Human Resources and EHS Manager

Other Benefits of Apps for Manufacturing Customers Love

Reduce absenteeism by centralizing all shift communication and posting schedules in the manufacturing app. Send automatic push notifications when new shifts are added or changes are made.

Managers can spend up to 60% of their time coordinating between the frontline and head office. Enable fast, two-way communication between admins, team leads, and employees. Lean manufacturing and smart project management made simple.

Get up-to-the-minute data on who is reading your posts, message delivery confirmation, and employee engagement statistics to improve manufacturing processes.

Beekeeper abides by the strictest international standards for data protection. Your internal communications are safe with us. We are a 100% GDPR compliant manufacturing app.

Make Your Employee App Work for You

HRIS User Sync Apps

Automatically sync app manufacturing users from your HRIS platform and save your admins at least one hour each day.

SAML or JWT-based single sign-on allows users to seamlessly access 3rd party manufacturing apps from Beekeeper.

Integrate with Kronos Workforce Ready, Central, or Dimensions to automate shift communication in your apps for manufacturing.

Build the Manufacturing Workforce of the Future

Build a safety-first culture and reduce accidents through better workplace practices and lean manufacturing.

“Over 12,000 non-wired employees have opted into using this Beekeeper and they are now easily connected to information, resources, and communication they didn’t have before.”
Learn More
How Holcim Saved $50,000 with Beekeeper

Here’s how a multinational manufacturing company saved $50,000 on reduced printing costs by going digital and improving project management. 

Ready to reach your entire manufacturing workforce?

Sign up now to explore the platform and see how Beekeeper can increase safety and efficiency for your frontline workers.

Start transforming your business today

Get a free consultation with Amanda.