EndGoogleTagManager 

 Start VWO Common Smartcode 

 End VWO Common Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Refer Beekeeper to a friend or colleague and receive a $250 gift!

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Help us Spread the Word…

Become a Beekeeper Frontline Friend by referring Beekeeper to a friend and receive a gift in the value of up to $250! 

What’s in it for you?

Worth up to $250.- To show our appreciation you can choose between eVouchers, donations to charity organisations or individual discounts at Beekeeper worth up to $250. We’ll also announce you as a Beekeeper Frontline Friend, if you like*

3 Easy Steps to Refer Beekeeper

Fill out the above form with the details of the person/company you are recommending Beekeeper to as a business solution.

 Beekeeper will contact your recommended contact on your behalf.

As a thank you gift you can choose each time between either an eVoucher**, a donation you want to make or individual discounts at Beekeeper worth

Phase A. value $50 

Condition: your contact is confirmed as business-relevant (see T&C)
Phase B. value $200 

Condition: your contact becomes a Beekeeper customer in the end 

	If both phase A and B have been successfully completed, you will totally receive thank 

 	you gifts worth $250.- 

* You will be announced as a Beekeeper Frontline Friend and featured in our newsletter and Social Media if you like and agree. Why? Because you did good and helped the Frontline Community to grow! We will contact you to review all options after you have submitted the referral.** After receiving the eVoucher, you can choose upon your country of residence between:United States: Amazon, Walmart, Uber Eats, Mastercard, Charity ChoiceCanada: Amazon, Walmart, Uber Eats, Visa, The Home Depot

Whom can I recommend to match the criterias for a relevant referral?

You can recommend any business contact from your network who might need Beekeeper for their employees – that’s the main criteria, the rest we will figure out!

Can I recommend as many contacts as I want?

Yes, there are no limits! Unless your recommended contacts could make use of Beekeeper as a business solution for their company, we gladly prove your recommendation. Let’s grow the Frontline Community and celebrate you as a Frontline Hero! 

How do I choose the reward of my choice? 

We will contact you after you have submitted your recommendation and check with you which reward you want to pick and if you would like to be featured in our newsletter and social media. You can also contact us anytime at refer@beekeeper.io