EndGoogle Tag Manager 

 Start VWO Common Smartcode 

 End VWO Common Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 
 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Beekeeper is honored to be recognized for connecting the world’s non-desk teams with our mobile-first operational communication platform. Click the logos to learn more about our awards across industries.

Golden Award for “Business Impact”
Innovator of the Year – UKG 2021
Top 10+ Team Communication Software In 2021
ClearBox’s 2021 Employee App Choice Award
ONCON HR Solutions 2020
ALIS Hottest Technology 2019

Gartner Cool Vendor
ONCON HR Solutions 2019
SaaS 1000
HFTP – HITEC E20X
Top 100 Swiss Start-ups

Employee Engagement
European Excellence in HR

Start transforming your business today

Get a free consultation with Amanda.