EndGoogleTagManager

StartVWOCommonSmartcode

EndVWOCommonSmartcode
StartVWOAsyncSmartCode

End VWO Async SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Operations and Productivity Management Software | Beekeeper

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

 NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Empower your frontline with tools that improve safety, productivity, and quality. Get Started Watch Video 

Trusted by 1000+ companies

Ditch paper, forms and flyers. 

 Eliminate wasteful, paper-based processes with digital automation and watch frontline productivity soar! 

Instant access to need-to-know info

Keep your business running smoothly by delivering the latest SOPs, product info, training materials, and more directly to your employees’ fingertips.

»

Create forms from scratch or start with one of our templates. Employees can fill in reports, checklists, requests, and more, directly from their mobile device.

»

Cover every shift with automated notifications about shift changes, and a personalized, up-to-date shift schedule in every employee’s pocket.

»

Make standard processes more efficient and prevent errors with digital checklists. Task management can be as simple as 1) describe, 2) assign, 3) complete, and 4) repeat.

“Beekeeper has transformed our day-to-day operations at the hotel.“

 Increase shift coverage and flexibility 

Reduce shift absenteeism by making it easy for employees to see their schedule and request shift swaps. Open shifts gives your frontline workers the flexibility they need – leading to lower employee burnout and turnover. 

One-stop-shop for everything your frontline workforce needs 

Eliminate tech overload. Beekeeper gives your employees one place to go for everything: shift schedules, onboarding, training, payroll, SOPs, productivity tools, and more! 

Get employees up and running fast 

Eliminate paper and reduce onboarding time from weeks to hours. Beekeeper makes it easy to welcome and train new hires by providing them with all new hire resources right on their mobile device. 

Let automation do the heavy lifting 

Streamline processes for your frontline by automating repetitive tasks like data capture, time off requests or approvals. Beekeeper Workflows save managers time and reduce human error. 

Instead of digging through paperwork, keep a digital record of important data to minimize safety risks, simplify audit inspections, and stay compliant. 

“Beekeeper is doing exactly
what we hoped for – the metrics are outstanding!”

Thousands of frontline employees stay connected and informed with Beekeeper 

Leading companies around the world use Beekeeper to connect instantly with their frontline workers, across language barriers and locations. 

Reduction in paper training materials

» Read the story

Saved in employee overtime per year

» Read the story

Pick a plan that’s designed for you.» Beekeeper plans and pricing