EndGoogle Tag Manager 

 Start VWO Common Smartcode 

 End VWO Common Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Beekeeper - Your Frontline Success 

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

Platform

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Digitize Your Frontline & Supercharge Your Business

Frontline business leaders use Beekeeper to connect and engage their whole workforce with our productivity app that teams love to use.

Or schedule a demo with one of our product experts

1,000’s of Frontline Businesses ❤️ Beekeeper

Beekeeper is THE All-in-One Frontline Success System

Communicate & collaborate with your frontline utilizing translations, surveys, &secure messaging

Coordinate Shifts & PTO

Fill shifts faster, offer shift flexibility, easily approve PTO, & reduce absenteeism.

Fill open roles faster with high-quality talent.

Give employees direct access to 3rd party payroll information in a secure location.

Digitize Forms, Tasks & Workflows

Create digital checklists for all types of work, collect data, & automate recurring tasks.

Ramp up employees faster and make upskilling easy & accessible.

Gather insights to understand and improve workforce productivity & engagement.

Partners in Your Success

Ensure continued success with Beekeeper – From onboarding to enablement & support.

Connect your non-desk workers to the people, systems, tools, and information they need to succeed. From paystubs to shifts, daily tasks and checklists, and multilingual communication: teams access everything in one place, designed for how they work.

A Better Employee Experience

Frontline employees work differently than office staff. Bulletin boards, intranets, and personal apps don’t cut it. Provide easy mobile access to important info like shifts, paystubs, training, and recognition – securely, all in their pocket.

» Make work easier

Instant & Easy Communication

From corporate comms to daily shift notes, translate information into 100+ languages in real-time. Effective communication fuels stronger collaboration and increases engagement.

Streamline checklists and daily tasks by replacing paper forms. Assign and shuffle work in seconds, automate repetitive tasks, and check progress in real-time.

Capture data that used to be hidden in paper forms and spreadsheets. Monitor everything on-the-go from your dashboard on the web, tablet, or mobile device. Managers make better decisions while offering the best possible employee experience.

“We recently implemented a digital onboarding process in Pike ToGo [Beekeeper], to reduce paperwork and streamline the orientation process. This saves us about 8,400 pieces of paper each week!”

Melissa StevensHuman Resources Generalist

“In the old days, safety audits were paper-based, done manually. Today, we have optimized these processes with Beekeeper in a digital way – workers can enter the information on the spot, then group leaders get an immediate alert if something is unsafe and can then take action focusing on finding solutions to the unsafe situation.”

“To date, we have promoted 107 field leaders, all of whom are highly engaged on Beekeeper. 52% of those same field leaders are still at the company. With the cost to train, hire, and onboard field leaders, that positively impacted our business with $168,000 in savings on increased retention.”

Tamara PalmerInternal Communications Manager

“Beekeeper has allowed us to digitize some of our operational processes like colleague shift management and daily briefings. There are also benefits we didn’t anticipate, such as the popularity of employees sharing personal stories and chiming in to recognize each other’s achievements.”

Mitch AustinCommunications Security Manager

“More than 12,000 non-wired Cargill employees have opted into using this tool and are now easily connected to information, resources, and communication they didn’t have before.”

Jay KnollSr. Communications Specialist

Start transforming your business today.

Fast Track Frontline Digital Transformation

Save time and IT costs with easy, out-of-the-box integrations, dedicated configuration support, and automated workflows. You can even create custom integrations or workflows with Beekeeper’s open API and suite of tools for developers.

Learn about the future of the frontline workspace

2023 Frontline Trends Report

HR Trends That Will Shape the Future of Frontline Work

Ultimate Guide for Frontline Success in 2023

Start transforming your business today.

Get a free consultation with Urs.