EndGoogle Tag Manager 

 Start VWO Common Smartcode 

 End VWO Common Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Logistics Workforce Management Software | Beekeeper

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Logistics Workforce Management Software

The mobile-first employee app built for distributed frontline teams. Keep every employee up-to-date about inventory, handling, packaging, and route information. Share goals, processes, and safety protocols, instantly.

Connect All Your Systems With One Employee App

Create a truly interconnected environment for your whole workforce with an open platform optimized for mobile.

Connect with 3rd party systems, add chatbots, mobile learning solutions, task management tools, survey tools, and more!

Get more out of your IT investments

Simplify log-in with single sign-on directly from the Beekeeper platform to access other systems.

Reduce setup and maintenance costs

Beekeeper requires little or no time to maintain. Get started fast and let us take care of the maintenance.

Lead Your Logistics Workforce From The Front(lines)

Get your teams firing on all cylinders and optimize internal processes. Provide direct access to training and SOPs through secure file sharing. Reduce absenteeism with mobile accessible shift schedules.

Ensure Critical Information Is Read

Confirm receipt of important messages with an audit-ready campaign tool.

Ensure vital updates are received: From policy changes to severe weather alerts. Campaigns keep everyone on the same page.

Employee Surveys Made Simple

Keep the pulse of your frontline workforce with fast, intuitive chat surveys

Create and send in a few easy steps

Produce, distribute, and collect employee feedback from company-wide surveys in just a few clicks with real-time, interactive employee survey chatbots.

Gain valuable insights in mere minutes

Users receive customized instructions  once added to the platform

Push the limits of productivity

Set up tailored workflows to optimize new hire training

Easy Onboarding to Connect Your Team

Onboard employees with a mobile device in less than a minute. Get your teams up and running hassle-free with the information they need and without an email address.

QR codes onboard your workforce with ease

Users receive customized instructions  once added to the platform

Set up tailored workflows to optimize new hire training

“It was definitely my primary source of communication”

What Our Customers Are Saying

“Thanks to Beekeeper, we can now reach everyone which was very complicated with traditional communications channels. Our employees work in shifts and at different times. Most of our employees don’t have access to a computer, but they do have smartphones.”

Anne-Catherine Rüegg, Head of Communications/PR, MIDOR

Explore Beekeeper for Yourself

Find out how to reach and engage your entire workforce.

Start transforming your business today

Get a free consultation with Amanda.