EndGoogleTagManager

StartVWO Common Smartcode 

 End VWO Common Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 
 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Management Software for Nonprofits | Beekeeper

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Communication Tool for Nonprofits

The mobile-first team app for NGOs that allows every employee, especially those on the front lines, to collaborate in one centralized productivity hub. Integrate with your existing systems, instantly communicate in 100+ languages, and work better together.

Guarantee Delivery When You Need it Most

“71% of users have confirmed reading this message. Do you want to follow up with the rest?”

Deliver important updates and reminders to everyone’s chat inbox

Get instant confirmation that the message was received and understood (no signature required)

Make sure important news reaches everyone fast, no matter what language they speak

Stay Agile with Mobile Announcements

Share critical announcements with newsfeed-style streams and digital signage.

Share company-wide updates in seconds

Enable optional, two-way conversation

Keep content relevant with targeted streams

What Our Customers Are Saying

“With Beekeeper, our communication is now easier and more transparent. In the past, it was much more complicated to inform employees. Today it’s simpler, more transparent, and encouraging employee involvement isn’t as challenging.”

Jose Morla, Deputy Rescue Services and IT/Data Protection Officer, German Red Cross

Lead from the Front(lines)

Get your teams firing on all cylinders and optimize internal processes. Provide direct access to training and SOPs through secure file sharing. Reduce absenteeism with mobile accessible shift schedules.

Get Work Done Faster with Secure Chats

Resolve issues faster and keep track of workplace communication with 1:1 and group chats.

Maximize efficiency by connecting teams directly to their managers

Fast, clear communication with voice messaging, files, videos, and photos

Guarantee delivery with read receipts

Secure Onboarding (no email or passwords needed)

Get new employees set up in less than a minute.

Log in new employees with ease using QR codes

Print personalized invitations or send them via SMS or email

Better utilize HR resources by automating onboarding workflows

Digitize Forms for Faster Workflows

Scrap slow paper processes — give frontline employees access to digital forms.

Make equipment and sick leave requests easy to find and fill out

Submit maintenance request forms on mobile

Share submissions automatically with relevant teams so they can react fast

“Beekeeper has allowed us to reach our colleagues instantly.”

Explore Beekeeper for Yourself

Find out how to reach and engage your entire workforce.

Start transforming your business today

Get a free consultation with Amanda.