EndGoogleTagManager

StartVWOCommonSmartcode

EndVWOCommonSmartcode
StartVWOAsyncSmartCode

EndVWOAsync SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Employee Referrals | Beekeeper

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Need to hire fast? Fill open roles with employee referrals. 

Fill positions faster. Retain more employees. Lower recruitment costs. » Talk to an Expert 

Our employee referral solution can help you do it all. Our customer Wanzek Construction generated 525+ referrals in just 3 months. Here‘s how they solved their labor shortage problem.» Watch Video 

The #1 Employee Referral Solution for the Frontline 

How can you smash your recruiting goals by hiring high-quality candidates who stay longer? 

The answer is our 4-step employee referral journey: Inform, Collect, Track, & Reward. 

Spread the word about your referral program 

Your frontline workforce can‘t submit employee referrals if they don‘t know where to find open job listings or how to refer candidates. Share referral guidelines with employees straight to their mobile device. Don‘t forget to announce incentives to rake in those referrals! 

Get high-quality candidates to come to you 

Notify your frontline workforce about job openings in real-time. Employees can view open positions and submit referrals in just four clicks. The best part? Job listings refresh automatically — like magic!Refer a friend on mobile phone

Flagger Force used our solution to collect 800+ referrals and save over $249,000. They even saw retention improve by 67%.

Track your referral program performance with analytics 

Maintain a healthy hiring pipeline by seeing how your referrals are performing. Optimize your hiring strategy based on reliable data you can trust. 

Reward your employees and boost satisfaction 

Increase employee satisfaction and lower your hiring costs. Motivate employees by providing incentives for successful referrals. Whether it‘s a perk or a financial bonus, it‘s easy for your HR team to deliver incentives and reward employees.

Fast-track employee referrals today

» Talk to an expert