EndGoogleTagManager

StartVWOCommonSmartcode

EndVWOCommonSmartcode
StartVWOAsyncSmartCode

EndVWOAsyncSmartCode

ThissiteisoptimizedwiththeYoastSEOPremiumpluginv20.2.1(YoastSEOv20.2.1)-https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/
DigitalWorkplaceSecurity&Compliance| 

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Your Data Security is Our Top Priority. 

To keep your data protected, we use best-in-class encryption, advanced firewall protection and access controls, perform regular external security audits, and achieve industry-leading certifications. Learn more with our Security Whitepaper…» White Paper 

Keep your internal communication private and your employee and business information secure 

Beekeeper treats data confidentiality, integrity and availability with the highest priority. 

Beekeeper uses industry-leading data security technologies and follows comprehensive defense-in-depth practices to protect data.

Beekeeper’s 24/7 on-call technical support ensures rapid response time to detect and respond to any security threats.

Beekeeper operates a highly capable security system to continuously monitor its product and platform for security vulnerabilities.

Beekeeper strives to achieve world-class security standards and has fully implemented Information Security controls as defined by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) as a minimum requirement.

Beekeeper is committed to maintaining the highest security standards and continual improvement. As such, Beekeeper undergoes independent internal and external audits on a regular basis.

Leading Certifications and Compliance 

“We are committed to managing risk with the highest standards of security tools and processes to ensure your right to protection and privacy.”

Beekeeper

Our pillars of security 

Virtual Private Cloud (Data Center)

Hosted in ISO 27001 certified data centers
Customer’s choice of data center location
Jurisdiction restricted processing
Highly secure cloud-based SaaS offering
Fully segregated tenant (customer environment)

Security Operations
Secure Product Development Lifecycle
Security Testing & Vulnerability Management
Annual penetration testing by external security experts

Full encryption
Data is encrypted at rest and in transit
Using AES256 and sent over TLS 1.2 or 1.3 only, using strong cipher suites
Mobile app data encryption

Regulatory Compliance
Swiss Data Protection Act
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
ISO 27001:2013, 27017:2015, 27018:2019 certified
Data Protection Agreement with customers
Contact our Data Protection Officer

Reported on status.beekeeper.io
Contractually binding 99.9% availability
Disaster recovery and business continuity planning
Multi availability zone deployment
Frequent backups and snapshots

Customer Access Control
Granular user access management via admin control panel
Role-based access control management
Dashboard integrates with your existing Identity Management
SAML 2.0 interface to SSO & Active Directory

Trusted by 1000+ Companies 

Data Security without Compromises 

We maintain our commitment to maintaining confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our customer’s data without compromising the seamless delivery of our customer’s data.» Security White Paper 

Further information» Data Processing Agreement
» 3rd Party Use Statement
» GDPR Assessment
» Information Security Policy for Beekeeper Services
» Security White Paper
» Beekeeper ISO 27001, ISO 27017 and ISO 27018 Certificate

Start transforming your business today

Get a free consultation with Urs.