End Google Tag Manager 

 Start VWO Common Smartcode 

 End VWO Common Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 
 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Corporate Social Responsibility | Beekeeper

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Corporate Social Responsibility and Code of Ethics

Our passion is communication and our desire is to build technologies that connect the unconnected in new and innovative ways. As communication bridges are built, seamless transfer and exchange of ideas happen, agreements are made, partnerships are formed and company culture flourish. To reach this vision in a sustainable manner, we commit to hold high our own company culture by acting responsible to our local and global community, compete fairly and while disrupting the status quo, breach no contracts, laws or regulations. We have respect for our surroundings and honour ethical values in our practices. We behave only on good conscious, understanding and sound ethical business practices. Our behaviour in reaching our commercial goals, by offering full transparency on all that we do and have to offer to our stakeholders namely our employees, communities, customers and investors, is our best attestation.  

We aim to be open, accountable and responsive to stakeholder concerns. This defines our company culture. 

We apply the following principles to implement our Corporate Social Responsibility and Code of Ethics:

We do not mislead our stakeholders.
Trust is the key factor. 
We meet our due diligence in our commitment in every single act of our business.
Our Contractual Agreements shall be fair and represent our meeting of our due diligence.
We adhere to and implement our obligations as defined by:

     Our Contractual Agreements
     Legal and Regulatory requirements applicable to our business 

As a technology company trusted with confidentiality and privacy of personal data, we implement compliance on policy and technology levels to both earn and retain our stakeholder trust.

Bee Proactive,
Bring Out the Best in Each Other,

shall be the framework of our operation and behaviour. 

We provide our employees with the desired level of professional satisfaction.
We provide our local and global community with innovative and sustainable solutions.
We compete fairly with our competitors while maximising profit for our investors.

Transparency is key for our behaviour. We do business based on transparency of both what we deliver and what we receive in return.
We establish a company governance that cooperates fully with the company’s internal and independent auditors.
We do not engage where there is a risk of conflict of interest, internally or externally.
Partnership is based on trust. We provide our partners with a support platform as appropriate to our level of engagement. We will base our choice of partner not only on economic considerations, but also based on they upholding their share of Social and Ethical behaviour.
Our local communities in the locations we are present is important to us. We take our responsibility seriously. We aim to contribute positively to the employment in economies we are operating in. Engage and invest in work places, social and environmental initiatives.
As our contribution to our communities, we allow for our employees to find the right work-life balance that fits their individual needs. We support their professional growth as well as personal and unique life settings. 
We are committed to fairness by:

Equal employment opportunities, irrespective of religion, sex, ethnicity, race, caste, culture, or personal attributes such as disability, age, gender identity, or sexual orientation.
Support and implement legal, regulatory and social norms for people with handicap or disability. 

We refuse to cooperate with suppliers who employ people under forced, prison, slave labor or bonded labor.
We will never offer, pay, solicit or accept bribes in any form, either directly or indirectly. 
As a company we are neutral to political parties and do not or participate in election campaigns. Our employees are free to support and participate in their personal time.

To achieve the above we will use as Guidance and in no order of preference as listed below:

Human Rights Principles
Anti Bribery and Corruption
Fair Workers Compensation Acts
UN Convention on the Rights of Children 
Local Legal and Regulatory principles for Data Protection and Privacy of Personal Data

Version control information
Date last updated:March 17th,  2020Date of next review:AnnuallyDocument owner / point of contact:Dr. Amir Ameri / CRCOLast amended by:Risk and ComplianceVersion number:1.0Status:Final