EndGoogleTagManager

StartVWOCommonSmartcode

EndVWOCommonSmartcode
StartVWOAsyncSmartCode

EndVWO Async SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Employee Onboarding | Beekeeper

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Get New Hires Up-to-Speed Faster, Better, and Cheaper. 

A scalable solution to onboard new hires faster at less cost. The automation you need to deliver personalized training new hires want.» Talk to an Expert 

Improve your employee onboarding experience 

Our custom employee onboarding solution reduces the time it takes to train new employees, improves new hire retention, and makes you a more efficient hiring manager. 

A seamless onboarding experience designed for frontline teams 

Because success starts from day one. 

How can you cut your new hire onboarding time in half? 

With Beekeeper’s scalable, new hire onboarding experience. 

Customizable onboarding templates ensure new hires complete tasks in the right order, at the right times. Automate welcome messages, micro-trainings, and FAQs for a seamless employee experience. 

Ditch Paperwork and Reduce Administrative Overhead 

You can finally toss those outdated welcome binders. With our onboarding workflows, new hires can electronically fill out paperwork which gets auto-assigned into employee folders. Managers can easily keep track of their progress. The best part? You never have to touch paper again.

With Beekeeper, Resorts World Las Vegas was able to onboard and train more than 5,000 employees in only one week! With 100% digitized HR policies and SOPs everyone now is up to date in <1 minute.

Frontline-Focused Onboarding Engages New Hires from Day 1 

Optimize the employee lifecycle with a communication plan that reinforces critical touchpoints of the new hire journey. Automatically send check-in messages, share resources, and survey their progress. 

Enjoy Dedicated Support from Our Onboarding Experts 

Our team of experts will work with you to build a customized onboarding plan for frontline teams. We’ll work together to determine key success metrics, build automated workflows, measure employee engagement, and have regular program reviews. 

Onboard new hires faster today

» Talk to an expert

Top-Rated Frontline Success Solution