EndGoogleTagManager

StartVWOCommonSmartcode

EndVWOCommonSmartcode
Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 
 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Join an inclusive, international team!

At Beekeeper, we make it a priority to offer a flexible work environment and great career development trajectory.» View video 

Beekeeper is transforming the way frontline businesses work.

 Beekeeper is on a mission to empower the frontline, believing in the potential of every single employee. This mission is also embedded in our culture: we are committed to helping each other grow, we’re open, we take ownership, and we believe that we’re better together. At Beekeeper, you can expect to learn, to have the flexibility that you need to be successful, to make a difference for our frontline heroes, and to have a lot of fun in the hive with your fellow Bees! 

BEE Stronger Together
By sharing knowledge and mentoring
By succeeding as a team
By showing support, empathy, and kindness
By advocating and celebrating the achievements of others

BEE Open
By challenging our own opinions and assumptions
By being curious about new ideas and alternative solutions
By daring to get outside of our comfort zone and make mistakes
By communicating transparently and compassionately

BEE the Solution
By being the change we want to see

By keeping it simple

By being proactive and persevering through challenges

By being accountable and delivering on what we promise

BEE Frontline First
By adopting a customer-focused view for everything we do

By asking questions and listening carefully to understand our customers

By building products and solutions that solve our customers’ pains

By building trusting relationships where we challenge, inspire, and enable the frontline

At Beekeeper, we Celebrate Diversity!

Diversity and Inclusion are fundamental pillars of Beekeeper’s culture. With 29 nationalities across 4 countries, we are a small but truly international team. We believe this is a key contributor to why our employee survey shows that people of all cultures and backgrounds are respected and valued here. 

Our Diversity & Inclusion Working Group loves to find every opportunity to celebrate the diversity of our teams – for example, we come together to share our stories during Diversity Week, Pride Month, Hispanic Heritage Month and Mental Health Awareness week. We learn from each other during these events, which strengthens our empathy and gets us closer to our goal of an inclusive environment where everyone can bring their whole self to work. 

In our commitment to equal opportunities and building a diverse community at Beekeeper, all candidates will be considered for employment regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, nationality, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability or gender identity.

And these are not just words to convince you to join us; we live our values and show up for each other every day. 

 Watch this short video where some of our LGBTQ+ colleagues share their experiences at Beekeeper and tips on how to make the workplace even more welcoming. 

Life in the Hive 

Never miss the latest