EndGoogleTag Manager 

 Start VWO Common Smartcode 

 End VWO Common Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Retail Workforce Management Software | Beekeeper

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

The Employee Portal for Frontline Collaboration and Productivity

Connect directly with your retail associates. Improve agility, safety, and the customer experience with a mobile collaboration platform.

Trusted by Global Retailers

Beekeeper is really the backbone of how we’re able to communicate information out to the field.

The One-Stop-Retail App Associates Need

Digitize processes through streamlined task management. Cut costs and boost associate productivity with a digital workplace.

Share checklists, inventory information, display guidelines, and more through mobile-friendly document management

Connect all your systems through one mobile platform

Keep staff informed of relevant updates for their role and store location

Engage, Train, and Retain Staff

Your associates are a wealth of untapped knowledge and insight into your daily operations. Create a direct line of communication with them to boost engagement, retention, and product knowledge.

Easily recognize employees for a job well done

Build a connected company culture by engaging with frontline associates

Recruit the next generation of tech-savvy workers

Level Up Your Associates’ Knowledge and Skills

Instantly share new promotions, product information, and more with your associates. Reach every sales employee with up-to-date marketing information to reduce time to market.

Share sales numbers and progress

Increase cross-selling between departments

Cement sales knowledge — quiz employees on current products and promotions

Words From Our Retail Customers

“We use Beekeeper to connect all of our other apps. This saves a TON of time daily for every single person in the company. We have instant access to reviews, commissions, sales reports, recognition sites, HR sites, policy documents, and more!”
Juan Rojas, Senior Director of Retail Operations, Wireless Vision

“Beekeeper has been the most well-received, cost-effective technology solution we have ever implemented.”
Autumn Arizola, HR Leader, Wheatsville Food Co-Op

“Beekeeper has improved cross-selling. Employees can post current offers on Beekeeper in order to inform employees in other departments of them in a timely manner.”
Alexander Schibli, Manager Non-Food, Globus

Other Benefits Our Retail App Customers Love

Communicate health and safety or product recall information instantly to every employee. Send real-time updates about store closures and policy updates to your frontline associates.

Save Store Managers’ Time

Managers can spend up to 60% of their time coordinating between the front line and head office. Enable fast, two-way communication between admins, team leads, and associates.

Get up-to-the-minute data on who is reading your posts, message delivery confirmation, and employee engagement statistics.

Beekeeper abides by the strictest international standards for data protection. Your internal communications are safe with us. We are 100% GDPR compliant. 

Make Your Workplace Tech Work for You

Save time by streamlining common processes. Get started with forms templates for retail, or create your own with Beekeeper’s Forms builder.

SAML or JWT-based single sign-on allows users to seamlessly access 3rd party apps from Beekeeper.

Kick off your digital communication strategy with Survey and Campaign templates based on industry best practices.

Build the Frontline Retail Workforce of the Future

Retail Trends: The Future of Shopping Has Arrived

From retail survival to retail resilience. Here’s what’s trending in the industry.
Learn More
Retail Survival Requires Digitally Enabling Your Frontline Employees

Here’s how digital enablement can help retailers build a more productive, empowered frontline workforce.
Learn More
The ROI of a Retail Employee App 

Find out how much you could save by connecting your frontline retail workers.

Start transforming your business today

Get a free consultation with Amanda.