Globalsitetag(gtag.js)-GoogleAnalytics

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO plugin v21.9.1 - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Public Safety UAS & Emergency Applications l Fotokite

 / Yoast SEO plugin. 

 Delivering elevated situational awareness on a daily basis, Fotokite Sigma is the go-to public safety UAS for first responder teams looking for a safe, easy, and reliable way to gain aerial perspectives.

Fotokite solutions support public safety UAS operations such as fire response, search & rescue missions, and traffic management on a daily basis. 

Read more about Fotokite Sigma specifications

 End Page Title H1 

 End

Safely size up a roof for hot spots, easily visualize and direct hose lines, or gain perspective from the front-line of a forest fire. At the push of a button, without the need for piloting, and without drawing team resources.

 End

Immediate elevated situational awareness helps to detect and direct team resources in SAR missions with significant efficiency gains. Quick scanning capabilities enable a scene-overview snapshot in seconds, giving you the information you need, when you need it most.

 End

 Post-Fire Inspection & Monitoring 

Continuously monitoring the incident scene for flare-ups with elevated thermal imaging and easy detection of heat concentration points, without needing to swap batteries or pilot the system throughout hours of the incident response and post-response.

 End

 Page Title H2 

 Public Safety & Security 

 End Page Title H2 

 Teaser Use Case 

Immediate and hands-free deployment for everyday on-scene response coordination and post-scene documentation.

 End Teaser Use Case 
 Teaser Use Case 

Quickly and easily visualize traffic flow and bottlenecks from the safety and convenience of your vehicle.

 End Teaser Use Case 
 Teaser Use Case 

 Infrastructure & Event Security 

Mounted to security vehicles or installed as a remote deployable asset, the Fotokite Sigma system fits well with security site inspection and monitoring applications.

 End Teaser Use Case 

 Page Call to Action 

 Would you like to know more about Fotokite applications? 

 Fotokite is driven to meet the needs of high impact applications with our unique technologies. If you'd like to learn more about how Fotokite can help in your operations, please get in touch. 

 End Page Call to Action 

Fotokite US LLC
3125 Sterling Circle, STE 107
Boulder, CO 80301, USA

Fotokite US LLC
235 Harrison Street, MD 52
Syracuse, NY 13202, USA

 © 2024 Fotokite. All rights reserved

 Custom Feeds for Instagram JS