Globalsitetag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO plugin v21.9.1 - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
More than a public safety drone, Simple & immediate intelligence l Fotokite

 / Yoast SEO plugin. 

 Immediate scene overview and area searches at the push of a button. All the benefits of a public safety drone system without the need for piloting, team resources, or setup time. 

 End Page Title H1 

Fotokites are equipped with specialized Search & Rescue functionality to help you quickly scan the surroundings for those in need of your help. 360 degree scanning capabilities are built in to enable instant overviews of your incident scene. Unlike other public safety drones, the immediate deployability of the Fotokite means you won’t need to wait for setup time or a pilot to be on-shift and on-scene; you get the information you need when you need it.

Fotokites are regularly deployed in SAR missions such as woodland rescue or vehicle crashes off the side of the road, helping to identify people that need rescue with significant efficiency gains over ground searches.

Night time operations or inclement weather conditions are no problem for the Fotokite, with a ruggedized design and thermal imaging capabilities to cut through challenging conditions to help find your objective.

Learn more about Fotokite Sigma and Fotokite Live’s unique characteristics & specifications.

 We consistently look for new innovations and modern technology 

 The launch and forget ability of the Fotokite can and will change how we operate not only fire scenes but all

tech rescue disciplines and hazmat events. 

 Battalion Chief Larry Young, Kansas City Fire Department 

 Page Call to Action 

 Would you like to know more about use cases? 

 Get in touch with our industry experts to learn more about how Fotokite can help in your operations. 

 End Page Call to Action 

Fotokite US LLC
3125 Sterling Circle, STE 107
Boulder, CO 80301, USA

Fotokite US LLC
235 Harrison Street, MD 52
Syracuse, NY 13202, USA

 © 2024 Fotokite. All rights reserved

 Custom Feeds for Instagram JS