Globalsite tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO plugin v21.9.1 - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 

 / Yoast SEO plugin. 

 Last updated: June 16, 2023 

 End Page Title H1 

Your contractual partner for all orders is , , . Reservation of ownership: The goods shall remain the property of Fotokite AG until the purchase price has been paid in full.

Prices quoted do not include the statutory value added tax (if applied to your shipping country).

Fotokite AG will be responsible for arranging carriage and delivery of the goods to their destination. The customer undertakes responsibility and agrees to pay all associated customs duties and taxes and any other fee imposed by law or Government agency upon receiving the product.

We do not guarantee any shipping service and delivery time. If technical problems prevent or unreasonably delay delivery of the product, your exclusive and sole remedy is a refund of the price paid.

Our delivery obligation shall not apply in cases where we ourselves do not receive proper or punctual delivery of integral parts of the products and we are not responsible for the unavailability. We shall inform you immediately if the goods are unavailable and reimburse received payments if we are unable to deliver.

All personal data are treated confidentially as a matter of principle. Data which are required for transacting business shall be stored and passed on to partner companies where this is necessary for order processing.

The laws of Switzerland shall govern this Agreement. For any and all claims or litigation that may arise as a result of this Agreement, the appropriate court in Zurich, Switzerland shall have exclusive jurisdiction.

Fotokite AG, Heinrichstrasse 235, 8005 Zurich, Switzerland

VAT number: CHE-330.991.800 MWST

The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Fotokite AG and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.

This website and its content is copyright of Fotokite AG. All rights reserved. Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited. You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content.

Fotokite AG
Heinrichstrasse 235
8005 Zurich, Switzerland

Fotokite US LLC
3125 Sterling Circle, STE 107
Boulder, CO 80301, USA

Fotokite US LLC
235 Harrison Street, MD 52
Syracuse, NY 13202, USA

 © 2024 Fotokite. All rights reserved

 Custom Feeds for Instagram JS