Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Mixed Reality Headset for Professionals 

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo Series
Varjo 

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A M Automotive

R Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

 Your browser does not support the video tag.

Varjo XR-4 Series. Made for superlative immersion.

Varjo’s new generation of headsets connects the world’s most advanced mixed reality technology with the pinnacle of graphical processing power, catering to industrial use cases where highest-level visual fidelity and immersion are critical.

Varjo XR-4 Series

Unparalleled mixed reality performance.

Industry leading visual fidelity with 4K by 4K, 200 nits mini-LED displays and a 96% DCI-P3 color space.
Revolutionary full-dome optics span flawless aspheric clarity across a massive 120° x 105° field of view.
True human vision replicated in XR by dual 20-megapixel cameras powering up to 51 PPD passthrough and the world’s first gaze-driven XR autofocus system.
Advanced sensor fusion combining 300 kpix extended range LiDAR, 200 Hz eye tracking, and all-new ambient light reconstruction cameras.
Out-of-the-box functionality for professional use with inside-out tracking and Varjo Controllers with premium ergonomics.
Designed for collaboration with integrated speakers providing DTS 3D spatial audio and dual noise-cancelling microphones.

A radical breakthrough in optical design.

Experience a new dimension of immersion. A massively expanded field of view, spanning 120° x 105° degrees, breaks into the revered standard of ‘full binocular vision’, introducing a captivating new sense of depth to XR experiences.

Varjo XR-4 Series have the highest-resolution mixed reality headset displays ever made. Custom full-dome aspheric lenses showcase 28 million pixels of pure visual fidelity with industrial-grade color accuracy, 200 nits of brightness, and local dimming for striking contrast.

Human vision, perfectly computerized.

Varjo has pioneered and perfected the technique of using passthrough cameras to behave like human eyes, recreating the world around you onto displays where virtual content can be seamlessly added.

Varjo XR-4 Series mixed reality headsets now boast dual, ultra-low-latency, 20-megapixel front-mounted cameras to once again build the industry’s best mixed reality experience, and the takes it to the next level. By reaching an unprecedented 51 PPD in passthrough and introducing the world’s first XR gaze-driven autofocus camera system; human vision is not just mimicked, it is replicated.

Limitless scope of performance and software.

Break free from the constraints of standalone headsets. The XR-4 Series works in tandem with workstations that tap into the power of NVIDIA GPUs to support completely unrestricted and upgradable performance in professional 3D platforms and software, including NVIDIA Omniverse, Unreal Engine, OpenXR, Autodesk VRED, Unity, and PREPAR3D among hundreds of others.

VIEW VARJO READY SOFTWARE

“The Varjo XR-4 Series delivers a combination of ultra-wide field of view and visual fidelity that feels completely natural and fully immersive.”

– David Weinstein, Senior director of virtual reality and augmented reality at NVIDIA

”Where virtual and physical prototyping converge. An unsurpassed immersive experience.”

– Jeremy Offer, Global Head of Design at Volvo Cars

“The XR-4’s enhanced mixed reality provides both interior and exterior designers the ability to conduct virtual design reviews collaboratively across our global studios.”

– Bryan Styles, Director, Immersive Technology, General Motors

”Varjo’s new XR-4 Series has the highest resolution displays which aligns perfectly with our I/ITSEC theme of ‘replicating reality in a digital world’.”

– George Forbes, founder and CEO of Immersive Display Systems, Inc

”The Varjo XR-4 Series raises the realism of immersive training to a whole new level.”

– Oli Arup, Chief Product Officer of Bohemia Interactive Simulations

A complete package for industrial use.

No more base stations needed. Inside-out tracking and Varjo Controllers, powered by Razer, come ready to go out of the box, as part of Varjo’s most flexible deployment yet.

Each device can be worn with glasses, with no need for prescription lenses, and has an automatic IPD adjustment allowing for cross-team usage. In addition, integrated speakers that support DTS spatial audio and noise-cancelling microphones enable both deeply immersive soundscapes and the ability to effortlessly communicate in multi-user sessions. The state-of-the-art 200 Hz eye tracking cameras also give access to complete analytics data.

Choose your spatial computing power tool.

The Varjo XR-4 Series consists of three main variants. For use cases where virtual content is the focus of the experience, the Varjo XR-4 delivers best-in-class visual fidelity. For scenarios where real-world elements need to be seen in perfect detail, the XR-4 Focal Edition adds enhanced passthrough with autofocus cameras to the mix. And the Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition is specifically designed for secure training environments, featuring TAA compliancy.

XR-4

Starting at 3,990 €/$.

–

Dual mini-LED displays
3840 x3744 resolution at 51 PPD
120° x 105° field of view
98% sRGB, 96% DCI-P3 color space
90 Hz refresh rate
200 nits brightness
20 MP passthrough cameras

Inside-out tracking
ART and OptiTrack supported via API
300 KPix LiDAR with 7m range
200 Hz eye tracking

Zero gravity comfort fit

XR-4 Focal Edition

Starting at 9,990 €/$.

–

Dual mini-LED displays
3840 x3744 resolution at 51 PPD
120° x 105° field of view
98% sRGB, 96% DCI-P3 color space
90 Hz refresh rate
200 nits brightness
20 MP passthrough cameras
51 PPD passthrough with Autofocus
Inside-out tracking
ART and OptiTrack supported via API
300 KPix LiDAR with 7m range
200 Hz eye tracking

Noise-cancelling microphones

XR-4 Secure Edition

–

TAA compliant
No online connectivity requirements

Versatile positional tracking needs covered.

Have a project that requires SteamVR™ tracking? Configure your mixed reality headset for SteamVR™ tracking with the outside-in tracking option at purchase. ART and OptiTrack can be supported via 3rd party tracking API.

Add Ultraleap hand tracking to your mixed reality headset.

Have a project that requires hand tracking based interactions? Varjo XR-4 Series support Ultraleap’s Leap Motion Controller 2™ hand tracking module as part of a kit including a custom mount, setup instructions, and license handling.

Explore enhanced service packages

The Enterprise Pro Package provides access to priority support and shipping, onboarding sessions, and removes any online connectivity requirements. 

The XR-4 Series caters for the professional software running on Windows PCs, tapping into the power of NVIDIA graphics cards. Find our recommended PC models or check if your current PC is already Varjo-ready.

Extended 15-meter cables, additional controllers and more. Get everything you need to support your immersive workflow.

Find the minimum requirements for running the XR-4 Series, including operating system, connectivity, GPU and CPU requirements.

Shipping to professionals worldwide

Varjo XR-4 Series now available starting at €/$ 3,990.

Seeing is believing. Get hands-on with superlative immersion. The Varjo XR-4 Series is now available and shipping worldwide to companies of all sizes. No subscription required. Note that the accompanying software is still in beta.

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.