Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
 – Varjo.com

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for / owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

 Get started Varjo headsets XR-4

XR-1 Developer Edition, VR-2 Pro, VR-2, and VR-1

Setting up your headset XR-4
XR-3
VR-3
Varjo Aero
XR-1 Developer Edition
VR-2 Pro, VR-2, and VR-1

Setting up tracking Varjo inside-out tracking

Varjo services Varjo Account Commercial account

Varjo Reality Cloud Varjo Reality Cloud subscription
System requirements

Varjo XR and VR subscriptions Getting a seat in a subscription

Get to know your headset Using the headset
Using Varjo Controllers
Fitting the headset XR-4
XR-3, VR-3, and Varjo Aero
XR-1 Developer Edition, VR-2 Pro, VR-2, and VR-1

Getting the perfect image quality

Get to know Varjo Reality Cloud
Develop for Varjo Developer support

FAQ & Troubleshooting
Downloads Release notes Release notes for Varjo Base
Release notes for Varjo Reality Cloud for Windows
Release notes for Varjo Reality Cloud for iOS

Varjo inside-out tracking

We will help you set up tracking for your headset.

Varjo inside-out tracking is available for XR-4, and Varjo inside-out tracking (Beta) is available for XR-3. For other options, see the list of available tracking methods.

Positional tracking for your headset

Your Varjo headset uses a tracking system to know its exact position. Tracking allows applications to synchronize your movements in the real world with those in the virtual environment.

Varjo inside-out tracking uses the positional tracking cameras on the headset to continuously scan the room and keep track of your position. No additional accessories are required.

Note that to use OpenVR applications (such as SteamVR apps) with XR-4, you need to install SteamVR software.

With XR-3, OpenVR applications can only be used with SteamVR™ Tracking.

Set up Varjo inside-out tracking

Follow these steps to set up Varjo inside-out tracking for your headset. Before you set up tracking, you will need to start setup in Varjo Base and connect your headset.

1. Prepare your environment to use the headset safely

Before using the headset, clear the room of obstacles and hazards, people, furniture, and any other items to ensure that youhave enough spacebothabove and around you.

If possible, cover all reflective surfaces since they may interfere with tracking. Make sure that you have good lighting in the room when you set up and use the headset.

Read more about how to prepare your environment.

2. Put on and adjust your headset

You can now put on the headset.

3. Calibrate foveated rendering

Foveated rendering is calibrated whenever you put on the headset. Follow the instructions for calibration.

4 A. Adjust floor level and forward direction for XR-4

Adjust the floor level and forward direction of your tracking setup. This can be done with or without controllers.

The headset can remember where it was last used. Whenever you use the headset in a new environment, you will need to set up the room again

4 B. Calibrate Varjo inside-out tracking (Beta) for XR-3

Your headset scans the physical features of your room to calibrate Varjo inside-out tracking (Beta). Follow the instructions inside the headset to scan the room.

After calibration, you can adjust the floor level and forward direction of your tracking setup if needed.

The headset can remember where it was last used. Whenever you use the headset in a new environment, calibration will automatically start again.

Varjo inside-out tracking is now successfully set up and your headset is ready for use.

Get familiar with your Varjo headset

We’ve prepared a reading package for you to get to know your headset better.
For more applications, visit our Developer portal for information on how to port existing Unity projects and Unreal Engine projects to run on your Varjo headset.
Varjo Showcases have been designed to demonstrate the graphical capabilities of the Varjo XR-4 headset. You can use them to test and get to know your headset.
See FAQ & Troubleshooting for any problems or questions.

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.