Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Varjo Academic Pricing: Enhancing Immersive Learning

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. .

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z 

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

As an academic institution, you get access to special pricing of Varjo products. Upgrade your immersive research and learning experiences for a new generation of students with Varjo.

Apply to get access to pricing exclusive to academia

Varjo Academic Pricing is offered to universities and other educational institutions that want to adopt immersive technologies in research, education, and training.

Professors, researchers, and other academic faculty are eligible to apply on behalf of their organization to access the Varjo Academic Pricing and complimentary setup support for selected Varjo headsets and services.

We encourage academic institutions and organizations to submit their application using the form below. The applications are open all year round.

Please note that discounts offered will cover selected Varjo products and services only – you will need to acquireyour VR/XR compatible workstation separately.

Hundreds of the leading universities in the world choose Varjo.

“Varjo is the only company providing the unique, high-end features and specs we need to prototype innovative future immersive experiences.”

“The high resolution of the Varjo XR-3 combined with its eye tracking and passthrough capabilities have allowed us to simulate more realistic training scenarios with greater experimental control.”

– Michael Busa,
Director of the Center for Human Health and Performance, University of Massachusetts Amherst

“Varjo Aero’s visual clarity, in addition to faithful color reproduction and brightness, are outstanding and ahead of any other system we have tested in the past.”

– Franco de Flaviis,
Professor at the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, the Henry Samueli School of Engineering, UCI

“Varjo headsets are excellent tools for our cutting edge research in novel user interfaces for different fields, including automotive, medical, training, education, culture and accessibility sectors.”

–Roope Raisamo, Head of TAUCHI Research Center and Professor at the Faculty of Information Technology and Communication Sciences, Tampere University

Insights into human behavior

Research

Discover key behavioral insights with a level of accuracy you would expect from real-world studies, but without the considerable research costs.	

Don't tell your students about it, show them.

Compared to 2D screens, Varjo’s mixed and virtual reality solutions improve student engagement and learning outcomes through immersive environments and true-to-life visualizations of complex topics.

Learn more

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.