Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
What is PCVR, standalone device, and wireless VR headset? – Varjo.com

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

 Learning Hub: Home
VR Terminology Explained Virtual Reality

Immersive/Spatial Computing
VR, AR, XR – Which technology to choose?
What’s the difference between standalone, wireless and tethered VR headsets?

Technical Features and Capabilities Base Stations
Controllers
Degrees of freedom in VR/XR
Eye Tracker
Field of View in VR

Getting started with VR/XR How to get started with VR: What do I need?
How to create VR/XR content
Using existing VR/XR content
What kind of content can I view in VR? Can I view video content?
Where does the content come from? How to create it?
Why do I need such a powerful computer to use VR?
Capturing VR or XR experiences

What’s the difference between PCVR, standalone, wireless, and tethered headsets?

PCVR / Tethered VR Headset

A tethered VR headset needs to be physically connected to a computer (typically a fairly powerful PC) to function properly. While this means mobility is limited, it also has some key benefits.

A tethered device does not require a separate battery, so a considerable amount of weight is freed up for other purposes.
This way, devices can be made lighter, or they can house better optics or other more advanced but heavier components.
As the processing of visual elements is offloaded to a more powerful computer, tethered VR headsets can have better visual quality than any other kind of VR headset.

Varjo XR-3, the most advanced PCVR mixed reality headset available on the market.

Best PCVR headset for consumers: Varjo Aero has been awarded as the best PCVR headset at Augmented World Expo, as “one of the best PCVR solutions available to consumers” by Digital Trends, and as “the most sumptuous consumer VR headset you can currently get your hands on” by Financial Times.

Wireless VR headsets work without being tethered to a computer, but they still require a computer and some form of companion software to run properly. There is a very wide range of executions in this device category.  

For example, there are separate wireless kits or modules sold for some tethered VR headsets, which allow them to be used without cables. However, this typically comes at the cost of graphics quality, and you need to be connected to a PC with a cable if the user wants the full visual quality offered by the device.  
As these devices are still connected to an associated computer, it also means that they typically support a larger number of software than standalone devices.

As the name implies, standalone VR headsets are wireless and do not require an accompanying computer to work.  

The full operating system is contained inside the headset. You might be able to connect them to a computer for charging or other functionality, but this is fully optional. 
As all of the computation has to be handled inside the headset, it places restrictions on the visual quality that can be achieved. 
It also means the device needs to have a battery to function. 
Different standalone VR headsets also have very different operating systems, which means that they might not support all VR applications available on headsets that require an associated PC. 

Make Cutting-Edge VR and XR More Portable With a Backpack PC
Varjo-Ready Computers
Best PCVR Flight Sim Setup – Tips and Tricks
Pocketlint: Varjo Aero VR headset review – Another PCVR masterpiece?

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.