Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Virtual vs mixed reality – Which technology to choose? – Varjo.com

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

 Learning Hub: Home
VR Terminology Explained Virtual Reality

Immersive/Spatial Computing
VR, AR, XR – Which technology to choose?
What’s the difference between standalone, wireless and tethered VR headsets?

Technical Features and Capabilities Base Stations
Controllers
Degrees of freedom in VR/XR
Eye Tracker
Field of View in VR

Getting started with VR/XR How to get started with VR: What do I need?
How to create VR/XR content
Using existing VR/XR content
What kind of content can I view in VR? Can I view video content? 
Where does the content come from? How to create it?
Why do I need such a powerful computer to use VR?
Capturing VR or XR experiences

VR, AR, XR – Which technology to choose?

The main difference between augmented reality, virtual reality vs mixed reality is the following:

Virtual reality (VR) means entirely replacing the reality a user sees around them with computer-generated 3D content.
Augmented reality (AR) means that the user is experiencing the real reality while (typically translucent) virtual elements are projected onto it.
Mixed reality (MR or XR) means that virtual content is blended with the real world in an interactive, immersive way, and virtual objects appear as a natural part of the real world, occluding behind real objects.

When choosing between augmented, virtual vs mixed reality, take the following factors into consideration.

In VR, a user is completely immersed in the virtual simulation and cut off from the real world. The best-fit use cases are ones where you want a user to experience a completely simulated environment, e.g. training and simulation, architecture, or immersive entertainment. It is also a good fit for many kinds of research or classroom training where the student can remain seated and doesn’t need to move around. VR headsets are typically cheaper than AR and XR headsets.
Most AR devices are optical see-through glasses that create holographic images to float in front of a user’s eyes in a narrow window. The image is translucent because optical see-through devices can’t display black or opaque content. What AR glasses lack in visual detail, they make up for in portability and lightweight. They can be worn outdoors in the field for use cases like maintenance or engineering work. Outside of glasses, AR is also used in smartphone applications, but there the field of view and immersion are limited. These kinds of simple solutions can work great in e.g. games or entertainment.

Mixed reality (MR/XR) combines the best aspects of both VR and AR. In Mixed Reality, virtual objects appear as a natural part of the real world, which is best achieved through video pass-through. The natural interaction between real and virtual enables many applications that are not possible with VR or AR. XR headsets are typically more expensive and need fairly powerful computers to run. As users can interact with both virtual and real worlds and objects, mixed reality is well suited for high-end training and simulation, design and engineering, research, and many other use cases.

A virtual car portrayed in a real-world environment through video pass-through mixed reality on a Varjo XR-3 headset.

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.