ThissiteisoptimizedwiththeYoastSEOPremiumpluginv22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Virtual and Mixed Reality headsets VR and XR Headsets Varjo.com

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. .

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Series
Varjo Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A M Automotive

R Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Gold standard of industrial VR and XR

Our headsets were made for superlative immersion and realism in professional mixed reality. They will transform the way you train, create and learn to make high performance a natural part of any immersive workflow.

 about Varjo’s high-resolution virtual and mixed reality headset range below.

Virtual and Mixed Reality Headsets

Varjo 

Human vision computerized: XR camera system that mimics the human eye at  33 PPD. Dedicated ambient lighting reconstruction cameras for the most realistic fusion of physical and virtual worlds ever achieved.
Revolutionary full-dome optics span flawless aspheric clarity across 120° x 105° FOV –  50 % increase from XR-3
Enhanced depth awareness: 300 kpix extended range LiDAR, eight times more powerful than in XR-3.
Inside-out tracking: removing the need for base stations for more flexibility.

Varjo 

Human vision XR with world’s first gaze driven autofocus camera system powering up to 50 PPD passthrough.
120° x 105° FOV: 50% increase from XR-3
Integrated high-end spatial audio complete with noise cancelling microphones.
Enhanced depth awareness with LiDAR eight times more powerful than in XR-3.
Inside-out tracking: removing the need for base stations for more flexibility.

Learn more

Varjo 

All the advanced technical features of the XR-4 series
Fully TAA/BAA compliant
No online or radio connectivity

Learn more

XR-4

Superlative immersion with industry-leading visual fidelity and revolutionary full-dome optics.

XR-4

Featuring the world's first gaze-based autofocus camera system with enhanced 51 PPD passthrough.

XR-4 Focal Edition

Explore XR-4 Focal Edition

Superlative immersion for high security environments

Both XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition can be made fully TAA / BAA compliant.

Focal Edition can be manufactured without radio connection.

XR-4 Secure Edition

Starting from €7990
 for quote

Contact sales

Explore XR-4 Secure Edition

Download our product book for more information on our virtual and mixed reality headsets.

See all technical specifications of our high-resolution virtual and mixed reality headsets – Varjo XR-4, XR-4 Focal Edition and Aero. Both XR-4 and -Focal Edition can be ordered as an offline and TAA / BAA compliant Secure Edition. 

Varjo XR-4 
Varjo XR-4 Focal Edition

Display & Resolution
4K x 4K Mini-LED displays (200 nits)
Full dome aspheric variable focus lenses
3840×3744 panel resolution
Colors: 98% sRGB, 96% DCI-P3
4K x 4K Mini-LED displays (200 nits)
Full dome aspheric variable focus lenses
3840×3744 panel resolution
Colors: 98% sRGB, 96% DCI-P3
35 PPD MiniLED display, 2880 x 2720 px per eye
Colors: 99% sRGB, 95% DCI-P3

Hand tracking
With LeapMotion 2™ add-on​
With LeapMotion 2™ add-on​
–

Automatic IPD 56–72mm
Replaceable, easy-to-clean  face cushions

Automatic IPD 56–72mm
Replaceable, easy-to-clean  face cushions
3-point precision fit headband
Replaceable, easy-to-clean polyurethane face cushions

Weight
665 g + headband 356 g​
665 g + headband 356 g​
487 g + headband 230 g

Width 200 mm, height 170 mm, length 300 mm

Connectivity
One display port cable in box
One USB-C cable in box
One USB adapter in box
One display port cable in box
One USB-C cable in box
One USB adapter in box
One headset adapter in-box
One USB-C cable (5 m) in-box
PC Connections: 1 x DisplayPort and 1 x USB-A 3.0+

Integrated inside-out tracking
SteamVR™ tracking compatible with optional add-on
Integrated inside-out tracking
SteamVR™ tracking compatible with optional add-on
SteamVR™ 2.0 tracking system

Eye tracking
200 Hz with one degree accuracy
200 Hz with one degree accuracy
200 Hz with sub-degree accuracy; 1-dot calibration for foveated rendering

Audio
Integrated spatial audio speakers + 3,5mm audio jack
Two integrated noise cancelling microphones
Integrated spatial audio speakers + 3,5mm audio jack
Two integrated noise cancelling microphones
3.5mm audio jack with microphone support

Mixed reality
22ms latency, dual 20-megapixel 33 PPD video pass-through with 
22ms latency, dual 20-megapixel 51 PPD video pass-through
–

XR Depth
300 kilopixels LiDAR with 7m operating range, 30 FPS
300 kilopixels LiDAR with 7m operating range, 30 FPS
–

See what else you need to get started with Varjo headsets.

Varjo headsets are tethered devices, and they are compatible with a broad range of Windows 10 and 11 computers. Browse our recommended models here.

Which headset is right for your needs?

Order online or contact us for consultation

Varjo XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition can be ordered online by companies of all sizes (requires a valid business ID). If you are interested in the Secure Edition, please contact sales for quote.

Varjo Aero is available for both organizations and individuals through our selected Varjo resellers only.

Talk with our experts to learn more

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Buy Online

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.