Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Operating Drones in Mixed Reality: How Inzpire Leverages XR for UAV Training

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Operating Drones in Mixed Reality: How Inzpire Leverages Varjo for Next-Gen UAV Training 

Inzpire’s compact, agile, synthetic environment system provides highly realistic UAV training scenarios directly to the front lines, adapting to the ever-changing modern day operational environments.

Expanding the Scope of Drone Operations

The use of drones in defence and security operations has become increasingly vital. Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) are used for various tasks such as aerial monitoring, surveillance, and reconnaissance. These operations are crucial for modern defence strategy as they provide a high level of situational awareness, reduce the risk to human life, and can be conducted in a variety of environments without direct human presence. 

The use of medium and small UAVs has surged in importance during the recent years, and so has the demand for precise, effective training for drone operators. 

Setting New Standards in Simulation Technology

Founded in United Kingdom, Inzpire Limited is a training provider consisting of numerous divisions and subject matter experts across all areas of defence. The company is at the forefront of developing groundbreaking synthetic environments and simulation technologies aimed to enhance the training capabilities for a variety of defence operations. 

Inzpire is one of the first training providers to integrate an UAV ground control station with a virtual battlespace simulation, all while utilizing a mixed reality headset as the trainer’s display. Inzpire’s compact, agile, synthetic environment (CASE) system, coupled with Varjo’s industry-leading mixed reality technology, provides a unique solution that allows for highly realistic immersive drone operator training. 

This compact system is designed to be deployable at the point of need, whether in the field or in a classroom. It can operate as a standalone system or be linked with multiple systems to provide comprehensive training.

Mastering the Skies with Advanced Immersive Training

By putting on the Varjo headset, Inzpire’s trainees are transferred into a realistic virtual battle space environment where they utilize a ground control station to navigate the user interface and have access to their real-world equipment. They can practice anything from type-specific flying techniques to error handling and emergency responses in the immersive mixed reality setting. The experience allows them to learn not only how to operate the equipment but also how to manage the payload, including cameras and sensor systems, all within a virtual environment that responds just like the real world. 

This type of training is invaluable, whether it’s for pre-deployment preparation, initial training, or ongoing proficiency training to maintain their operational skills. 

“Using Varjo’s technology has allowed us to achieve seamless integration between the live and the virtual. For students, this means that they can do procedures and tactics training all in the same environment, and it immerses them and enhances the believability,” says , Engineering Lead for Mission Training Devices at Inzpire.

“Using Varjo’s technology has allowed us to achieve seamless integration between the live and the virtual.”

James Clarkson
 -
 Engineering Lead for Mission Training Devices at Inzpire

A New Dimension in Training Effectiveness

Mixed reality introduces a transformative dimension to simulation systems by enabling the blending of live real-life pass-through video with virtual environments or objects. In Inzpire’s solution, this integration allows users to see their own hands, utilize their equipment, and employ planning tools, such as maps, within the simulation, all while using the ground control station that operates the UAVs. Mixed reality also allows the trainees to pass information and communicate with each other effectively during the simulation. 

“The introduction of mixed reality is a game changer. Mixed reality is now the forefront of immersive technology because it accurately matches the virtual and the real-world environment, which is extremely important,” Clarkson notes. 

Mixed reality adds to the level of immersion of the simulation, and as a result, the training becomes more operationally valid and effective, rather than users treating the simulation as a consequence-free environment.

“Trainees actually believe that what they’re doing is increasingly important and they’ll take greater care and therefore it’s more operationally valid.” 

 “If you’re immersed in an environment, you forget that you’re wearing a headset. You forget that you’re in a training room or a training tent. You believe you’re in the field and you believe what you’re doing is part of your training and it’s part of your environment,” Clarkson says. 

Elevating Situational Awareness with High-Resolution Clarity 

One of the key benefits of Inzpire’s training system is the user’s ability to clearly see objects at varying distances. The high-resolution displays of the Varjo headsets ensure that trainees can effectively identify and interact with elements, such as helicopters, aerial assets, vehicles, or troops, in the virtual environment, enhancing their situational awareness and operational effectiveness. “Having used virtual reality for about 20 years, the switch to a Varjo headset marked a significant improvement due to its superior quality and clarity,” Clarkson shares.  

The Varjo XR-4 Focal Edition takes this a step further, as users will be able to read all text and data clearly regardless of where they are looking, thanks to the XR-4 Focal Edition’s industry-first gaze-directed autofocus system.

“The XR-4 is generating considerable excitement for us, because of its advancements in the focal range mixed reality camera technology, improvements in display resolution, and ergonomic enhancements,” says Clarkson. 

Preparing UAV Crews Across the World

Inzpire’s training solution is designed to be deployable directly in the field, allowing UAV crews to complete their training without the need to return home. Instead, they can complete their mission planning, mission rehearsal, and training anywhere in the world. This on-the-spot training capability ensures that training is available precisely when and where it’s needed. 

“With the growing importance of accurate and effective training, and as the operation environments are changing rapidly, our solution meets these demands by being inherently deployable to the front lines,” Clarkson states. 

Discover simulated training with Varjo

Mixed Reality in JTAC Training: A New Dimension in Defence Preparedness

How Wärtsilä Revolutionizes Maritime Training with Varjo’s XR Technology

Shaping the Future of Steel Production Training: Tata Steel’s Pioneering Use of VR with Steel Sim VR and Varjo

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.