Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Professional VR/XR solutions optimized for the enterprise

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Professional-grade XR solutions. Optimized for enterprise.

Varjo replaces wasteful workflows with professional-grade XR solutions that offer unprecedented efficiency, cost savings, and seamless remote collaboration. From industry-leading headsets and software to dedicated support, we provide an end-to-end ecosystem for implementing XR at scale.

Varjo headsets are the most advanced in the industry; power tools designed for delivering superlative immersion in the most demanding professional use cases. Raising the bar for VR and XR, Varjo headsets are built with a no-compromise approach to visual fidelity and integrated functionality.

Learn more about Varjo headsets

Through powerful features to augment your XR experience, Varjo Base helps you get the most out of each headset with continuous improvements. To distribute and maintain virtual experiences across the enterprise, Varjo Reality Cloud helps you deploy XR collaboration at scale.

Learn more about Varjo software

Experience from thousands of XR projects

From years of working with the most advanced XR use cases, Varjo’s support and solutions teams know what’s needed to succeed. While excellent support is included with each purchase, Varjo offers premium service packages for those looking to get the most out of our experts.

Learn more about premium services

Make the most out of the software you already use

With hundreds of out-of-the-box integrations to enterprise XR software, Varjo solutions are broadly compatible with the most common applications out there. In addition, any software is easily ported into Varjo via OpenXR or Varjo native SDK.

Ready for maximum performance

Varjo headsets are tethered devices that are compatible with a broad range of Windows 10 and 11 computers, ensuring you get access to upgradeable computing power for maximum performance.

Used by VR content studios worldwide

Can’t build everything in-house? Varjo has partnered up with design studios worldwide to ensure the best possible experiences with our XR solutions.

Local expertise in 35 countries

Varjo works with expert partners in 35 countries who are certified to sell and support our industry-leading XR solutions, ensuring a seamless experience locally.

Varjo Resellers

Not sure about the best solution for your needs?

Talk to our experts

We’ve delivered XR solutions to over 1,500 enterprise customers, all with unique needs and circumstances. Speak with our sales experts to come up with the ideal solution to meet your requirements.

Over 25% of Fortune 100 companies are already choosing Varjo. When will you catch up?

Talk to our Sales Experts
Explore our case studies

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.