Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Mixed Reality Training in the Highest-Security Environments: FlightSafety International

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

 Your browser does not support the video tag.

Mixed Reality Training in the Highest-Security Environments 

FlightSafety International, a leading provider of pilot training solutions, has adopted the Varjo Focal Edition mixed reality headset to enhance their flight simulation.

The ultimate close-up visual precision of the Focal Edition, along with its ability to meet strict security requirements, make it an ideal choice for FlightSafety International’s high-profile and high-security clientele.

Key benefits of VR & XR for FSI 

Many critical scenarios such as taxi, takeoff, landing, formation flight, and mission rehearsal can be trained easily and effectively with a smaller carbon footprint
Cost-effectively extends capabilities of existing cockpit training solutions instead of requiring full replacement
TAA compatibility and high-security of Varjo headsets enable deployment even to classified environments

Challenge: How to offer high-quality XR training in environments with the highest security requirements 

FlightSafety International (FSI) is the leading provider of pilot training services to the general aviation, corporate, military, and commercial airline markets. They work with high-profile customers in the industry, including the US Military and many foreign militaries in Europe and Asia, and manufacture some of the most advanced flight simulation solutions on the market.

In addition to fidelity and immersion requirements to effectively train pilots for demanding operations, high security is extremely important for governmental clients. However, consumer-oriented headsets very often struggle with these requirements because their hardware and software has not been built with this kind of security in mind. 

In the case of the United States, most headsets available on the market are also not TAA (Trade Agreements Act) compliant, so they can’t be used for large, high-security U.S. deployments.

This is one of the reasons why FSI chose to partner with Varjo. It allows them to combine their leading simulation solutions with the most security-conscious headsets available to offer next generation mixed reality flight training for high security environments. Furthermore, they can offer a fully TAA-compliant solution for the most demanding scenarios and deployments. 

Solution: A Top-of-the-Line XR Simulation Solution with the Highest-Fidelity Hardware and Software 

FSI’s VITAL 3D Image Generator couples the highest fidelity, photorealistic, FAA certified synthetic environments with the immersion of extended reality technologies. FSI’s latest advancements add mixed reality into the scenario, which allows combining the tactile benefit of a cockpit with an immersive virtual training environment. To further enhance the high fidelity and near-focus vision capabilities in their training solutions, FlightSafety International has also adopted Varjo’s Focal Edition mixed reality headset. With these advancements, FlightSafety’s Mixed Reality Flight solution offers a highly-effective 360 degree cockpit training device that is also cost-effective.  

This system is far more immersive and effective for training than virtual reality trainers because it allows users to see and interact with the real world inside the cockpit while adding a virtual world outside. Furthermore, the system can be integrated into an existing cockpit training device, so it does not require full replacement of existing trainers. 

“We introduced the Varjo Focal Edition headset StartFragment on our MR deviceEndFragment to a military customer recently and they really appreciate the ability to see something within that 45-centimeter focal range, specifically their avionics. They appreciate the ability to reach out and tactically feel or touch that knob or that button or their iPad which they may use as their electronic flight bag”, says Chad StartFragment SchmitzEndFragment , the Product Manager for Mixed Reality Flight at Flight Safety International. 

When training with FSI’s solution, the pilot wears the Varjo mixed reality headset, so they can enjoy the highest fidelity available. This allows clearer readability of cockpit elements and a crisp resolution for the virtual world. The system allows for extended trainability and situational awareness including taxi, takeoff, landing, formation flight, mission rehearsal and more.  

“We think it’s important to see clearly, specifically the avionics panel, the instruments within the flight deck itself, because that lends to increased flight training proficiency,” StartFragment Schmitz EndFragment says. 

The benefits are not limited to the pilot, though. The system also allows adding two additional visual displays, allowing instructors to see what the student sees. The instructor benefits from integrated eye tracking, displaying pilot gaze and scan patterns in the real and virtual worlds.  

“The initial feedback on the Varjo Focal Edition has been positive. The users enjoy the ability to see things close, specifically the avionics panel.”

 -
 Product Manager for Mixed Reality Flight at Flight Safety International

Outcome: Better, More Secure Training for Pilots 

By partnering with Varjo, FlightSafety International can offer industry-leading mixed reality training solutions for even the most demanding pilot training scenarios.

The solution is cost-effective, and allows combining the tactile elements of the physical cockpit with the immersive digital scenario produced by VITAL 3D, making sure pilots train with maximal immersion. The Focal Edition allows trainees to see close-up details, such as the avionics panel and electronic flight bag, in realistic, human-eye resolution, which is crucial for effective pilot training.

The solution also allows the instructor to efficiently monitor the trainee, seeing what they see. Varjo’s integrated eye tracking enables accurate monitoring and recording of the pilot’s gaze and scan patterns, allowing even more precise instructions and development of the pilot’s abilities.

Meeting the Highest Security Requirements

FlightSafety International has clients in the military that require the highest level of security in all aspects of their operation. Thanks to the security-conscious approach of Varjo headsets and the ability to produce them with full TAA compliance – and even disable radio signals entirely – the solution can be deployed even in locations that have the strictest of security requirements.

The Focal Edition allows FlightSafety International to meet these demands. The immersive mixed reality training solution can be deployed even in locations that have the strictest security requirements.

“With the Focal Edition, we’re able to give them that high level of security as we can use an offline license so there’s no connection to the Internet,” StartFragment SchmitzEndFragment says.

Dive into the possibilities that VR and XR technology can bring to pilot training and flight simulation:

Talk to sales Download e-book

See latest updates from Varjo

Operating Drones in Mixed Reality: How Inzpire Leverages Varjo for Next-Gen UAV Training

Mixed Reality in JTAC Training: A New Dimension in Defence Preparedness

How Wärtsilä Revolutionizes Maritime Training with Varjo’s XR Technology

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.