Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
 – Varjo.com

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

 Learning Hub: Home
VR Terminology Explained Virtual Reality

Immersive/Spatial Computing
VR, AR, XR – Which technology to choose?
What’s the difference between standalone, wireless and tethered VR headsets?

Technical Features and Capabilities Base Stations
Controllers
Degrees of freedom in VR/XR
Eye Tracker
Field of View in VR

Getting started with VR/XR How to get started with VR: What do I need?
How to create VR/XR content
Using existing VR/XR content
What kind of content can I view in VR? Can I view video content? 
Where does the content come from? How to create it?
Why do I need such a powerful computer to use VR?
Capturing VR or XR experiences

Refresh Rate

Refresh rate refers to the maximum number of fresh images a device can display in one second. The higher the rate is, the smoother the image feels. 

In VR or XR headsets, a high refresh rate is key in creating a realistic immersive experience. If the refresh rate is low, the user can experience nausea, cyber sickness, and discomfort, as the virtual reality environment can look laggy and less realistic. A high enough rate, on the other hand, allows VR and XR users to be immersed in the virtual or mixed reality environment without discomfort or choppiness, especially when combined with other crucial features such as a high resolution, wide field of view, and high frame rate (of the VR or XR software application). When these features are on an optimal level, the user can fully focus on the immersive experience itself and forget about the technology.

In all Varjo VR and XR headsets, the refresh rate is 90 Hz, meaning that the image can be refreshed 90 times per second for the user.

How to adjust a VR/XR headset for an optimal visual experience

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.