Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Virtual reality in healthcare – – Varjo.com

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

When precision matters. 

Varjo’s human-eye resolution mixed and virtual reality headsets take medical professionals to a higher level of focus and emotional engagement. 

With true-to-life XR/VR, medical and healthcare personnel can prepare for the most challenging real-life scenarios. Find out why top-tier medical professionals choose Varjo as their choice of technology to leverage in virtual reality in healthcare. 

Train and perform at the highest level in mixed, augmented and virtual reality in healthcare

Visualize medical data or human anatomy in photorealistic 3D
Achieve better and safer training results with immersive simulations for different training scenarios using virtual reality in healthcare training
Train and collaborate with other clinicians on real medical scenarios, transferring knowledge and improving procedural understanding before operations
Reduce cognitive load in education through immersive learning

The most complete human insights in the world.

By combining the high-accuracy eye tracking data from Varjo headsets with other biometric data from a platform like iMotions, you can measure human behavior and cognitive load with unmatched precision and reliability. This accuracy gives you the most complete and full human insights available anywhere in the world.

Varjo products are fully compatible with an expanding collection of 3D platforms and software, including Unreal®, Unity®, iMotions, OramaVR, and OpenXR 1.0.

See all compatible software

 Shot with Varjo XR-3. Mixed reality anatomy training by Lee Vermeulen, Alientrap Games. 

Varjo sets the industry standard for precision.

Our industry-leading dual 4Kx4K displays bring to life high-detail 3D visualizations with better contrast, better color accuracy and sharper image quality than ever before.

See displays, medical instruments, text and other elements in human-eye resolution – just like in real-life. It’s another level of realism that feels more natural and emotionally engaging.

XR or VR? Your choice.

Interact with physical tools and equipment using your hands and collaborating with real colleagues, all while being fully immersed in a photorealistic virtual environment.

Varjo XR-4 headsets make it possible to switch seamlessly between augmented reality, mixed reality and full virtual reality – combining the best of both worlds into one device.

Varjo’s video pass-through mixed reality depth awareness combines the LiDAR depth sensor and camera feed to perfectly blend virtual and real elements – vastly improving the occlusion of tools, bodies and hands. In-box Varjo Controllers, powered by Razer, provide precise interactions with high tactile immersion in a fully interactive and natural way across XR/VR simulations.

 Shot with Varjo XR-3. Human anatomy mixed reality demo developed by Touch of Life Technologies.

Easily train and switch between medical scenarios.

With Varjo headsets, medical professionals can train and collaborate together in a shared immersive reality, improving ways of working, communication and readiness for any medical scenario.

Stay in the same room with the same team and then easily switch from one scenario to another.

Industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo for medical VR/AR/XR solutions

“Immersive simulation training that replicates real-life scenarios is essential in helping prepare health care providers and students provide safe patient care.”

– Ingrid Laerdal, Vice President of Patient Care at Laerdal

“The resolution, precision, and clarity, is absolutely pushing the boundaries of hyper-realistic VR experiences – a key component for the medical training market to embrace.”

– Paolo A. Catillo, CCO

“Human imaging must be able to represent complex biological structures. Varjo makes this more effective, as you can see and experience 3D content in human-eye resolution.”

– Roope Raisamo, Professor, Head of Computer-Human Interaction at Tampere University

“Varjo is the only device that delivers the fidelity surgeons demand.”

– Arne Schlenzka CEO, MD

Mixed reality practically indistinguishable from natural sight

Meet the Varjo XR-4 Series

Through the fusion of its highest-resolution displays, foveated capture stream, advanced LiDAR depth sensing and camera sensors, all of which mimic the function of the human eye, the Varjo XR-4 series offers virtual and mixed reality experiences practically indistinguishable from natural sight.

Designed for professional VR. Now available for all.

Varjo Aero is the newest virtual reality headset in our portfolio of industrial-grade VR/XR headsets. It is the first Varjo device available to all demanding VR users – organizations and individuals alike.

Learn more about using Varjo for medical applications

Apply to the Varjo Academic Discount Program

: How to Leverage Mixed Reality for Medical Simulation Training

Webinar

Reimagining Aeromedical Training: How Real Response is Transforming the Way We Learn with Mixed Reality

Varjo and machineMD Revolutionize the Diagnosis of Brain Disorders with a VR-Based Eye-Tracking Solution

How Lucid Reality Labs and Roche Raise Awareness for Macular Disease with Varjo Mixed Reality

Varjo and OpenBCI Partner to Bring Neurotechnology to Spatial Computing

Want to speak with Varjo experts?

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.