Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. .

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources s and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Upgrade to Varjo XR-4 Series

Are you a current Varjo XR-3 or Varjo VR-3 owner interested in taking your mixed reality setup to the next level? Learn more about your upgrade options and benefits exclusive to you as an existing Varjo customer.

Learn more

Learn more about the exclusive upgrade offer

Varjo is committed to supporting professionals across industries in their integration of virtual and mixed reality solutions into different areas of their business and operations. We are proud to help our customers advance further using the highest-immersion virtual and mixed reality products. With the new Varjo XR-4 series, we push mixed reality performance to a whole new level – and we invite existing Varjo customer to join us by upgrading their virtual or mixed reality setups.

An exclusive upgrade path is available to current Varjo customers who have purchased a Varjo XR-3 or VR-3 headset in the past. The offer is available until April 30, 2024.

Contact us using the form below to receive an upgrade offer tailored to your situation. 

Explore the Varjo XR-4 Series

Varjo XR-4

Varjo XR-4 delivers the most immersive mixed reality experience ever constructed, featuring photorealistic visual fidelity across the widest field of view of any XR headset.

Mixed reality for classified environments

Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Fully TAA-compliant headset made in Finland without radio components or online connectivity requirements.

Explore Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Latest Varjo news and insights

Read the latest stories from, by and about Varjo.

Operating Drones in Mixed Reality: How Inzpire Leverages Varjo for Next-Gen UAV Training

Product Design Story of the Varjo XR-4 Series: Next-Generation Headsets Optimized for Comfort and Usability

FORCE Technology and Varjo Bring Game-Changing VR/XR Training to the Maritime Industry

E-Book: Beyond the Books – A Guide to VR/XR for Academic Use Power Your Research and Education

E-book

Introducing the 2023 Varjo Value-Added Resellers of the Year

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.