Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Setting up – Varjo.com

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for /VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

 Get started Varjo headsets XR-4

XR-1 Developer Edition, VR-2 Pro, VR-2, and VR-1

Setting up your headset XR-4
XR-3
VR-3
Varjo Aero
XR-1 Developer Edition
VR-2 Pro, VR-2, and VR-1

Setting up tracking Varjo inside-out tracking

Varjo services Varjo Account Commercial account

Varjo Reality Cloud Varjo Reality Cloud subscription
System requirements

Varjo XR and VR subscriptions Getting a seat in a subscription

Get to know your headset Using the headset
Using Varjo Controllers
Fitting the headset XR-4
XR-3, VR-3, and Varjo Aero
XR-1 Developer Edition, VR-2 Pro, VR-2, and VR-1

Getting the perfect image quality

Get to know Varjo Reality Cloud
Develop for Varjo Developer support

FAQ & Troubleshooting
Downloads Release notes Release notes for Varjo Base
Release notes for Varjo Reality Cloud for Windows
Release notes for Varjo Reality Cloud for iOS

You will need a commercial Varjo Account and a seat in a Varjo XR or VR subscription to use VR-3. If you are using a headset with an offline license, no subscription is needed.

Don’t have a commercial Varjo Account yet? Create one now in Varjo Account Portal.

Need a seat in a Varjo XR or VR subscription or want to see if you have one already? Find out how to get a seat in a subscription.

Read more about setting up subscriptions and upgrading to XR-3 and VR-3.

Follow these steps to set up your headset.

1. Log into Varjo Account Portal

To get started, log into Varjo Account Portal. If you don’t have a commercial Varjo Account yet, you can create one now.

2. Download Varjo Base from Varjo Account Portal

Varjo Base is the software used to run your headset. It contains everything you need to use the headset on a Windows computer, including advanced presentation and developer tools.

Note that Varjo Base 3.0 or later is required to use VR-3. If you have an older version of Varjo Base, please download and install the latest version.

When you install Varjo Base for the first time, you may be prompted to also install Microsoft Visual C++ 2019 X64 Minimum Runtime.

3. Start Varjo Base

Varjo Base will help you set up your headset. You can also follow along the setup steps on this page.

When you start Varjo Base for the first time, we will run a system check to confirm that your computer is compatible with the headset. See System requirements for more information.

4. Log into Varjo Base with your Varjo Account

In Varjo Base, log in with your Varjo Account to start setup.

You need a seat in a Varjo XR or VR subscription to use VR-3. Varjo Base will check for a valid subscription when you log in. The subscription requires that your computer is connected to internet.

If your company has enabled Microsoft single sign-on with Varjo, you can also login using Microsoft SSO.

Note that if you are using your headset with an offline license, you will not need to log in.

5. Select your headset model

When you start Varjo Base for the first time, it will automatically open the first-time user guide to help you through the setup process. You can open the guide at any time in the Support tab under Run setup.

Select your headset model to view detailed instructions on how to connect your headset.

C.
D.E.See the cabling in more detail.
6. Connect your headset

When you connect the headset to your computer for the first time, Windows will recognize the headset as a new USB device and install the appropriate drivers.

A. Two headset adapters

Headset cables and : Connect each cable to a headset adapter.

Headset adapters: Connect each adapter to a DisplayPort port on the graphics card and to a USB-A 3.0 / 3.1 port on the motherboard.

Power supply units: Connect each unit to a headset adapter and to a power source using one of the included power plugs.

B. Two headset adapters with two third-party Mini DisplayPort–DisplayPort adapters

This cabling option is for laptops with two Mini DisplayPort ports routed directly to the GPU. You can use this option if two headset adapters were included with your headset.

Headset cables and : Connect to the headset adapters.

Headset adapters: Connect each adapter to a Mini DisplayPort port with a Mini DisplayPort–DisplayPort adapter and to a USB-A 3.0 / 3.1 port on the laptop.

Note that the Mini DisplayPort–DisplayPort adapters must support 8K video and DisplayPort 1.4 with Display Stream Compression (DSC). See the list of tested and compatible adapters.

Power supply units: Connect each unit to a headset adapter and to a power source using one of the included power plugs.

C. One headset adapter

Headset cables and : Connect each cable to the headset adapter.

Headset adapter: Connecttheadapter to two DisplayPort ports on the graphics card and to two USB-A 3.0 / 3.1 ports on the motherboard.

Power supply unit: Connect the unit to the headset adapter and to a power source using one of the included power plugs.

D. One headset adapter with two third-party Mini DisplayPort–DisplayPort adapters

This cabling option is for laptops with two Mini DisplayPort ports routed directly to the GPU. You can use this option if only one headset adapter was included with your headset.

Headset cables and : Connect to the headset adapter.

Headset adapter: Connect the adapter to two Mini DisplayPort ports with Mini DisplayPort–DisplayPort adapters and to two USB-A 3.0 / 3.1 ports on the laptop.

Note that the Mini DisplayPort–DisplayPort adapters must support 8K video and DisplayPort 1.4 with Display Stream Compression (DSC). See the list of tested and compatible adapters.

Power supply unit: Connect the unit to the headset adapter and to a power source using one of the included power plugs.

E. Two laptop adapters sold separately in Varjo Store

This cabling option is for laptop computers and does not require the headset adapter(s) supplied with your headset.

Headset cables: Connect to the laptop adapters.

Laptop adapters: Connect to USB-C ports on the laptop. Note that the USB-C ports on the laptop must be routed directly to the dedicated NVIDIA GPU and include support for Alternate Mode.

Power supply units: Use the power supply units included with your headset. Connect each to a laptop adapter and to a power source using one of the included power plugs.

7.  Update your headset firmware if prompted

Varjo Base will automatically check that your headset firmware is up to date. If the firmware is not compatible with the current version of Varjo Base, you will be prompted to update the firmware.

8.  Enable OpenXR and OpenVR runtimes if prompted

Varjo Base will attempt to automatically enable the OpenXR and OpenVR runtimes for Varjo headsets. If you have previously used an OpenXR- or OpenVR-compatible headset on this computer, you may be prompted to enable the runtime manually.

Enable the runtime if you want to run OpenXR and OpenVR applications, such as SteamVR apps. 

We recommend that you also enable Software updates and Crash reporting.

9.  Optional: Connect your headphones

For applications that include sounds or voice input, you can plug in your headphones on the left side of the headset. Headphones with a standard 3.5mm audio jack are compatible with Varjo headsets.

If necessary, see instructions on how to select the correct audio output and input source on your Windows computer.

Continue setup by selecting a tracking method for your headset. The Varjo VR-3 headset supports the following tracking systems:

 SteamVR™ Tracking uses up to four SteamVR™ base stations to track your headset and optional controllers.
 Third-party tracking methods can also be integrated with Varjo headsets.

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.