Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Jobs in VR – Start pushing the boundaries across all realities at Varjo

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
You can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Join Varjo and start pushing the boundaries of what's possible across realities.

If you want to change VR, computing and the world, you’ve come to the right place. If you want a job where you just show up and do the same boring stuff every day, move along.

See all open jobs in VR at Varjo below. If you’re passionate about tech and love to push limits, we can’t wait to hear from you.

Calling new colleagues from all backgrounds.

Varjo is best known for delivering virtual and mixed reality that are indistinguishable from the real world. Founded in 2016, Varjo now does business in over 40 countries worldwide with 200+ employees in and Washington D.C.. And the resolution revolution has only just begun.

Our in-house R&D team produces the world’s most advanced virtual and mixed reality hardware, software, and services that are now a symbol of the highest quality across the industry. Varjo products are already being used to train astronauts at Boeing, design vehicles at Aston Martin, and for many other use cases across the world’s leading companies.

As we are developing the next computing paradigm, we need a versatile team to help ensure that the new realities are designed for everyone. Take a look at what we have to offer.

Here's what to expect:

Our multicultural team consists of talents from all around the world, and our daily working language is English. We believe in the power of diversity – where different experiences, backgrounds, and ideas drive innovation and results.

Work with the best

You’ll work with the world’s best developers, engineers and professionals. We also partner with world-class brands to develop our technology. You’ll work with them, too.

Work on building a tech stack that doesn’t even exist. Here you’re not only working with game-changing tech tools, you’re creating them.

Lots of Freedom & Flexibility

A low-hierarchy culture with minimal bureaucracy and maximum opportunity for you to take charge of your work. Extremely flexible working conditions with remote work opportunities supported.

Competitive salary & benefits

You can’t put a price tag on passion, but we’ll show you how much we value your skills and dedication to your craft.

Collaboration with fellow teammates representing 20+ nationalities from all around the world.

And so much more

Friendly colleagues. Flexible vacation time. Healthy and non-healthy snacks. Dedicated learning days. No costume parties. And so much more.

“VR/XR tech is going to be the default everybody takes for granted.”

 -
 Principal Cloud Engineer – Joined Varjo in December 2021

“Everyone at Varjo seems to be comfortable with the uncertainty.”

 -
 Lead Service Designer – Joined Varjo in February 2022

“No one has solved the problems we're solving.”

 -
 Senior developer / XR engineer - Joined Varjo in November 2017

“I've seen VR and XR evolve every decade. Now, they're really taking off.”

 -
 Principal Teleport Engineer, Varjo

How we like to work

Varjo has been lucky to have attracted a supergroup of intelligent professionals from many different backgrounds to our team. We all share the same ambition level of wanting to build the world’s best products, but at the same time, we want to stay humble, maintain a low hierarchy, and focus on solving problems. These values are the guideposts for our everyday work at Varjo:

Be kind.
Aim for the virtually impossible.
Just do it – with style.
Have each other’s back.
Keep it real.
If we are not having fun, we’re doing it wrong.

Want to learn more about what it’s like to work at Varjo? Download our Culture Handbook.

See all open jobs at Varjo

Developers

Open Application for Roles

Engineering

Senior Audio Software Engineer

Helsinki

Senior Channel Sales Manager, APAC 

Helsinki / Germany / Sweden

Didn't find the dream job in VR you were looking for?

If none of the currently open jobs in VR at Varjo are the right fit for you, send an open application and tell us who you are. See the latest updates from Varjo & connect with us on LinkedIn.

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.