Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
VR events – Meet Varjo & get a demo of industry-leading virtual reality

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
Want to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Experience the next level of professional VR/XR at events

Want to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand?

To book a private meeting or see a demo somewhere else, please reach out to our Varjo expert team with a demo request.

Apr 3 - Apr 4 - Stuttgart

The XR EXPO is the B2B exhibition fair for Virtual Reality (VR), Mixed Reality (MR) and Augmented Reality (AR), or in short: eXtended Reality (XR). The focus is on XR technologies and professional applications of VR, MR and AR in industry, architecture, health, trade and crafts.

Showcasing Varjo: Schenker Technologies

Apr 9 - Apr 11 - London

The International Training Technology Exhibition and Conference is Europe’s largest dedicated event for Defence training. 

Varjo is exhibiting in booth B30 with many other partners showcasing Varjo, including: EDMS, Dogfight Boss, Inzpire, Ryan Aerospace, Multisim, BAE Systems, Accenture, University of Turku, Pitch Technologies

Advanced Factories Expo & Industry 4.0 Congress

Apr 9 - Apr 11 - Barcelona

Advanced Factories is the annual meeting of industry leaders where the latest solutions on industrial automation systems, robotics, industrial software, artificial intelligence, artificial vision and virtual simulation solutions, Big Data, IoT, cybersecurity, Industrial Cloud Computing, Machine Learning and all technologies 4.0 associated with digital manufacturing are showcased. Showcasing Varjo: Symmetri Technology

Apr 10 - Apr 12 - Laval

Laval Virtual, the leading event dedicated to immersive technologies (virtual reality, augmented reality, spatial computing…) bringing together Europe’s XR community since 1999. Showcasing Varjo: Immersion, ST Engineering Antycip, Matts Digital, Myxed 

VRARA Immersive Technology Summit

Apr 10 - Apr 11 - Orlando

The Summit will bring local and global experts in the area of XR, AI and other immersive technologies together to share and learn about the technologies that are changing the way we play, learn and work and why Central Florida is being recognzied as a leader in Immersive Technologies. Join talk session on Apr 11, hosted by Varjo's John Burwell. 

World Aviation Training Summit 2024

Apr 29 - May 2 - Orlando

The World Aviation Training Summit (WATS) is the world’s largest aviation training event, designed by and for aviation professionals. Showcasing Varjo: Loft Dynamics

See our virtual events

Watch the Varjo XR-4 Launch Event On-Demand

Events

: How to Leverage Mixed Reality for Medical Simulation Training

: How the USAF trains pilots of the future with XR

: How to Leverage Virtual and Mixed Reality in the Courtroom

Varjo Fireside Chats: Adopting VR Technology for the Classroom

Insight Session: Bridging Neuroscience and XR for Superpowering the Human Experience

Watch On Demand: Discover the Varjo XR-3 Focal Edition for Advanced Mixed Reality Simulation

Special Event: Introducing Unity and Unreal Streaming With Varjo Reality Cloud

 on Demand: From Contract to Deployment – Building an XR Air Refueling Simulator for the USAF

Webinar

Community Session: VR Flight Sim Guy and the Art of Virtual Flying

Webinar

Webinar on Demand: Streamline Prototyping and Digital Twin Development in Mixed Reality

Webinar

Webinar on Demand: Insight Session – Enabling Intuitive Interaction in VR/XR with Hand Tracking

Webinar

Want to hear more?

Reach out to our experts to learn more about the benefits of human-eye resolution XR/VR across industries.

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.