Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
 Design with VR: Most Advanced Virtual Reality – Varjo

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. .

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Create and interact with true-to-life virtual automotive designs.

Varjo’s mixed and virtual reality solutions drastically reduce the cost of designing, engineering, and selling new car models through better and faster collaboration.

Learn why 17 of the 20 largest automotive manufacturers in the world choose Varjo VR when building and selling the vehicles of tomorrow.

Benefits across the entire automotive value chain.

Bring your creations to life – visualize, iterate and modify designs quickly with the highest visual fidelity on the market.
Reduce dependency on physical models and in-person design reviews with photorealistic virtual prototyping, saving hundreds of thousands of dollars in costs.
Conduct global design reviews remotely in hours, reducing weeks from travel time.
Model, validate and iterate production processes in a virtual environment enabling engineering decisions to be made earlier in the process.
Build more immersive experiences with a completely natural blending of real and virtual objects.
Sell more effectively, with reduced need for showroom models.

Why invest in the world's most advanced mixed reality?

In the automotive industry, details matter. Whether you are working in design, engineering, quality assurance, or sales at the showroom, not being able to experience a car as if it were right in front of you is a non-starter for adopting VR across the organization.

Varjo’s industry-leading visual fidelity enables seeing even the smallest details. Thanks to the wide, 120 x 105 -degree field of view, large objects can be viewed in full binocular vision. You’ll also enjoy colors that mirror reality – the widest-ever color gamut 96% with DCI-P3 color space.

Unlock ROI across the automotive value chain

Varjo’s video pass-through mixed reality in the XR-4 series allows you to blend photorealistic virtual and real elements, which is completely unlike the translucent and ghostlike visuals of optical see-through solutions. Varjo XR-4 series headsets also come with advanced depth awareness, enabling building hand, object, and people occlusions. 

Thanks to these capabilities, you’ll be able to streamline design reviews and speed up iterations, reduce reliance on physical prototypes, model and optimize assembly processes, run demanding safety or driving simulations, and build interactive showroom experiences that remove the need for extensive inventory.

16/20 of the world's largest automotive manufacturers choose Varjo.

“Before, reviewing a car model with design management meant flying to Korea and took at least four days. Now, I can do it in one hour.”

– Gregory Guillaume, Vice President of Design at Kia Motors Europe

“With the XR-4, we’re steadily moving towards a future where virtual and physical prototyping converge. Varjo, a company within the Volvo Cars Tech Fund portfolio, has always been class-leading when it comes to resolution. Now, with an expanded field of view and enhanced optics, they deliver an unsurpassed immersive experience.”

–Jeremy Offer, Global Head of Design at Volvo Cars

“General Motors will utilize the Varjo XR-4 headset to enable its designers to visualize and refine their work earlier in the design development process. Further, the XR-4’s human-eye resolution and enhanced mixed reality provides both interior and exterior designers the ability to conduct virtual design reviews collaboratively across its global studios.”

– Bryan Styles, Director, Immersive Technology, General Motors

Varjo Reality Cloud Now Available for Autodesk VRED

The new Varjo Reality Cloud platform allows professionals to stream VR/XR applications from the cloud with a lossless visual fidelity.

Varjo Reality Cloud with cloud streaming support for Autodesk VRED is now available for up to five concurrent users per company at $1495 per month.

Learn more

Want to learn more about Varjo's VR for automotive design?

Our professional-grade virtual and mixed reality solutions will transform the way you do automotive design, engineering, or sales.

Talk to sales
Explore Varjo headsets and solutions

Read our latest stories on using VR/XR for automotive

Panasonic Automotive Powers Innovative Vehicle UX Design with Varjo’s Virtual Reality

Kia Launches New EV9 Model in Finland with Varjo’s Mixed Reality

Case Phiaro: Meet the World’s Most Versatile, Drivable Concept Car

Automotive

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.