Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Case Volvo & Varjo: World's First Mixed & Virtual Reality Test Drive

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

The world’s first mixed reality test drive

Together, Volvo Cars and Varjo are literally driving the future by creating the world’s first mixed reality approach to evaluating prototypes, designs and active safety technologies.

For the first time ever, Volvo Cars and Varjo have made it possible to drive a real car while wearing a mixed reality headset, seamlessly adding virtual elements that seem real.

Case Volvo – Results:

Perform design-studies of future cars before they are built
Avoid tool and software changes, saving a significant amount of money along the way

Iterate design and UX concepts quickly, testing them in real-life scenarios – literally take your designs for a virtual reality test drive
Do things in a day that would normally take weeks or longer

Volvo Cars has been using Varjo's mixed reality prototypes in their workflow since the summer of 2018. By adding photorealistic virtual elements to the interior of the car, Volvo Cars designers are able to perform design-studies of future cars before they are even built. 

Unmodified material shot through a Varjo mixed reality headset.

The use of Varjo’s mixed reality enables Volvo Cars to iterate design and UX concepts quickly and to avoid tedious tool and software changes, saving a significant amount of money along the way. “We’ll be able to do things in a day that would normally take weeks or longer,” Casper Wickman says.

When it comes to the design evaluation process, it’s crucial to be able to see the outer shape and proportions of the car, but also the fit and finish between the components, the graining of the leather, and more. 

“Varjo adds unprecedented realism, which means we have more faith in the results of our evaluations. And it’s so much faster as there’s no limit to what we can do in mixed reality,” Wickman says.

Test-driving real cars – on real roads

Volvo Cars engineers have been test-driving a real Volvo XC90 car with the driver wearing a Varjo mixed reality headset. Previously this has not been possible with any other device.

“When you’re using XR to drive, latency is as important or more important than resolution. Varjo manages to be extraordinary at both.”

“Varjo is the only device where you can no longer tell what’s real and what’s not.”

Varjo enables Volvo Cars to perform unique user research

With Varjo’s integrated eye tracking, Volvo can understand the relevance and results of user analyses. Eye tracking adds a very big layer of capability and trustworthiness – you’re observing the vehicle as the customer would, so you get a much more efficient view of what’s important and what’s not.

With Varjo, Volvo is able to perform UX studies by keeping as much as possible of reality – the real road, nature, road signs and more – and only exchange the things they want to evaluate, for example a new display or interior, during the virtual and mixed reality test drive.

“When you’re driving with Varjo’s mixed reality device, you actually forget you’re looking through a headset. People using Varjo break when they see a virtual moose crossing the road. Or when a virtual car overtakes our test car, test drivers have asked “Is that car real or not?”.

 As for the future, Wickman says there are endless opportunities to extend the collaboration to manufacturing, car assembly training, retail, car configuration, research and more. “From now on, each time we want to try something that doesn’t exist, Varjo will be the technology we will use.”

See what other visionaries have to say about Varjo.

: How to Leverage Mixed Reality for Medical Simulation Training

: How the USAF trains pilots of the future with XR

Webinar

Special Event: Introducing Unity and Unreal Streaming With Varjo Reality Cloud

Webinar

See all customer testimonials

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.