ThissiteisoptimizedwiththeYoastSEOPremiumpluginv22.0(YoastSEOv22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Most advanced virtual and mixed reality headsets for professionals – Varjo

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. .

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – MAutomotive

R – Z 

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources s and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

 Your browser does not support the video tag.

The world's most advanced virtual and mixed reality.

Varjo makes the highest-immersion virtual and mixed reality products for advanced VR users. Our solutions are used to train astronauts, pilots, and nuclear power plant operators, design cars, and conduct pioneering research.

With the new Varjo XR-4 series, we push mixed reality performance to a whole new level.

Discover the highest-resolution virtual and mixed reality, shipping today.

The all-new Varjo XR-4 series delivers virtual, augmented, and mixed reality experiences with superlative immersion.

Varjo XR-4

Varjo XR-4 delivers the most immersive mixed reality experience ever constructed, featuring photorealistic visual fidelity across the widest field of view of any XR headset.

Varjo XR-4 Focal Edition

All the features of the XR-4, enriched with gaze-driven autofocus camera system which mimics the behavior of the human eye to deliver the acuity required for mission-critical work. 

Explore Varjo XR-4 Focal Edition

Mixed reality for classified environments

Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Fully TAA-compliant headset made in Finland without radio components or online connectivity requirements.

Explore Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo's advanced mixed reality.

“Together with VRED, Varjo has taken a lot of time and money out of the process and lets us iterate and integrate more quickly than ever before. Varjo helps keep Rivian on the path of moving the industry forward.”

Trevor Greene, Lead of Surface Design and Visualization at Rivian Automotive

“The Varjo XR-4 series doesn't just elevate the simulator experience—it transforms it entirely. ”

Javier Castellar, Co-founder and Chief Strategy Officer at Aechelon

“The XR-4’s enhanced mixed reality provides both interior and exterior designers the ability to conduct virtual design reviews collaboratively across our global studios.”

Bryan Styles, Director, Immersive Technology, General Motors

“The mixed reality passthrough Varjo has achieved is remarkable. It allows for hyper realistic simulations of the ISS, and we anticipate that it will unlock a next-level experience for astronauts in terms of training and mission preparation.”

Felix Gorbatsevich, CEO at PaleBlue

“By combining Varjo's human-eye resolution with Unreal Engine's photorealistic capabilities, we are breaking the boundary between what's real and virtual.”

Sébastian Lozé, Business Director of Simulations at Epic Games

“The only VR/XR systems that fulfill the high quality and precision standards for pilot training, truly replicating what it feels like to fly in a real aircraft. ”

Fabi Riesen, CEO and Founder of Loft Dynamics

“Redefining the boundaries of immersive experiences by delivering game-changing performance and build quality for advanced virtual and mixed reality experiences.”

Alvin Cheung, Senior Vice President, Hardware BU at Razer

“With Varjo's technology, we are able to do things in a day that would normally take weeks or longer.”

Casper Wickman, Technical Leader at Volvo Cars

“The same level of realism and interactions as if the astronauts were sitting in the physical simulators.”

Connie Miller, Product Specialist at Boeing

“With the XR-4 Focal Edition, pilots can train for the most demanding missions completely naturally and comfortably in mixed reality environments. ”

Eric Carr, Program Director at CESI

“Varjo XR-4 is ideal for a spectrum of mission rehearsals including fixed or rotary wing training, and our core market of JTAC training as it elevates and enhances trainee performance.”

George Forbes, founder and CEO at Immersive Display Solutions Inc.

“Before, reviewing a car model with management meant flying to Korea and took at least 4 days. Now, I can do it in one hour.”

Gregory Guillaume, Vice President of Design at Kia Motors Europe

Transform how you work, in any reality.

See all customer case studies

Moving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how Varjo transforms workflows across industries with the most advanced virtual and mixed reality for professionals.

Get in the zone

Put your team in the right frame of mind the moment they enter the simulation environment – keeping them deeply focused and completely engaged in their training.

From vision to reality

Varjo is revolutionizing the way design and creative work is done by immersing you in the most natural mixed and virtual reality environments ever constructed.

A deep state of emotional immersion

Imagine an experience so natural that it takes medical professionals to a higher level of focus and emotional engagement. Preparing for the most challenging real-life situations.

Research

Discover key behavioral insights with a level of accuracy you would expect from real-world studies, but without the considerable research costs.

Unleash the power of hundreds of industrial-grade VR/XR applications.

Want to replace wasteful workflows with professional solutions offering unprecedented efficiency, cost savings, and seamless remote collaboration? Varjo ensures support for the industry’s most popular 3rd party VR/XR enabled software.

From real-time cloud streaming to dedicated enterprise-grade customer support, we also offer a full, end-to-end suite of software and services to implement VR and XR at scale.

Learn more

Latest Varjo news and insights

Read the latest stories from, by and about Varjo.

Operating Drones in Mixed Reality: How Inzpire Leverages Varjo for Next-Gen UAV Training

Product Design Story of the Varjo XR-4 Series: Next-Generation Headsets Optimized for Comfort and Usability

FORCE Technology and Varjo Bring Game-Changing VR/XR Training to the Maritime Industry

Varjo XR-4 Series Upgrade Offer

E-Book: Beyond the Books – A Guide to VR/XR for Academic Use Power Your Research and Education

E-book

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.