Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
 – Varjo.com

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

 Learning Hub: Home
VR Terminology Explained Virtual Reality

Immersive/Spatial Computing
VR, AR, XR – Which technology to choose?
What’s the difference between standalone, wireless and tethered VR headsets?

Technical Features and Capabilities Base Stations
Controllers
Degrees of freedom in VR/XR
Eye Tracker
Field of View in VR

Getting started with VR/XR How to get started with VR: What do I need?
How to create VR/XR content
Using existing VR/XR content
What kind of content can I view in VR? Can I view video content?
Where does the content come from? How to create it?
Why do I need such a powerful computer to use VR?
Capturing VR or XR experiences

Hand Tracking

Hand tracking is a technology that helps you operate in a VR or MR environment and interact with it without separate controllers. Instead, your hands turn into a virtual version of themselves, and you can naturally use them to control the virtual environment – just as you would interact with a real-world environment.

Hand tracking enables anyone to engage with virtual or mixed reality contents immediately and intuitively – even if they have no experience with VR or gaming. Users can interact with and move components around just by using their hands. In augmented and mixed reality, users can switch fluidly between interacting with real and virtual objects. Users can do gestures such as pinching, grabbing, or pointing to interact with virtual content. Real-world hand movements and gestures can also be mirrored by virtual avatars, allowing for a new level of immersion in your VR/XR applications and collaborations.

Hand tracking is not built into Varjo XR-4 Series headsets. Instead, all Varjo XR-4 Series (except for Secure Edition) devices come with in-box Varjo Controllers, powered by Razer, to enable high-precision interactions with virtual contents as well as high tactile immersion. Controllers are also available for purchase for all customers.

Varjo XR-3 and VR-3 headsets come with integrated Ultraleap handtracking technology. Varjo Aero does not feature built-in hand tracking.

How Hand Tracking in VR Unlocks Enterprise Use Cases – Guest Post by Ultraleap
How to Track Hands in VR and XR Applications – Guest Post by Ultraleap
Webinar on Demand: Insight Session; Enabling Intuitive Interaction in VR/XR
Varjo Lab Tools 1.2: Introducing skeletal hand masks, chroma key and more
Hand tracking documentation on Varjo Developer Portal

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.