Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Virtual reality research: Go from the lab to immersive environments.

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources s and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Go from the lab to mixed and virtual reality.

Conduct high-level academic, clinical and commercial research in the most immersive virtual environments. Build true-to-life digital recreations of any setting for any type of research. 

Use VR for research and gain meaningful behavioral insights with a level of accuracy you would expect from real-world studies, but without the considerable research costs.

Recreate real-world research in VR/XR without high costs.

Research professionals can easily create any true-to-life environment for advanced clinical, academic, or commercial studies.

You can now match the exact feeling and conditions of real-world studies, allowing you to gain meaningful behavioral insights when conducting research in XR/VR without the impracticalities and high costs.

Read our blog posts:

How To Do Eye Tracking Studies in Virtual Reality?

Read this blog post to learn how you can easily run eye tracking research in virtual reality without requiring any development skills.

The Benefits of VR Eye Tracking for Conducting Research

Read this post to learn why and how researchers can benefit from eye tracking in VR.

6 Examples of Immersive Research Conducted Using Varjo Headsets

This blog details six examples of recent research conducted using Varjo headsets across different disciplines. 

Get the most complete insights into human behavior.

Combine our high-accuracy eye tracking data with biometric data from another platform to measure human behavior and cognitive load with unmatched precision and reliability. This gives you the most complete and full human insights available anywhere in the world.

Varjo provides the world’s highest-speed eye tracker (200 Hz) integrated into an XR/VR headset. Study even the smallest eye movements like saccade velocities and fixation duration with research-grade accuracy and precision. Gain deep, reliable and immediate insights into what your subjects see and experience at a level never seen before.

Most advanced XR and VR for research

Unique features for high-fidelity immersive studies

Industry-leading clarity with dual 4Kx4K displays and up to 51 pixels per degree resolution
120×105-degree field of view to see large objects in the full frame
Blend photorealistic virtual and real content seamlessly with dual 20 Mpx video pass-through cameras
90 Hz screen refresh rate allows dynamic content to run smoothly
Capture even the smallest eye movement with Varjo’s integrated eye tracking at 200 Hz

Industry leaders and pioneers already choose Varjo's XR and VR for research.

See all customer testimonials

“The resolution provided by Varjo means that our customers can now utilize simulated research environments instantly, with a fraction of the cost compared to building real ones.”

“The precise eye tracking and human-eye resolution available only in Varjo’s headsets are necessary requirements for companies to increase trainees’ immersion and capture actionable data.”

– Tony Bevilacqua, Founder & CEO of Cognitive3D

“With Varjo’s integrated eye tracking, we can understand the relevance of the analysis and results. It adds a crucial layer of capability and trustworthiness to our user research.”

– Casper Wickman, Technical Leader at Volvo Cars

Total compatibility with the world’s most popular 3D software

Varjo’s next-generation mixed and virtual reality headsets are fully compatible with a rapidly expanding collection of the most widely used 3D platforms and analytics software, including Unity, Unreal Engine, OpenXR 1.0, iMotions, and Cognitive3D.

See all supported software

Natural immersion in virtual and mixed reality

Varjo XR and VR headsets enable an incredibly natural experience, thanks to their incredible visual quality and a 120 degree horizontal and 105 degree vertical field of view.

In Varjo XR-4, the video pass-through enables creating immersive scenarios where you can blend reality, AR and virtual reality seamlessly for a true mixed reality experience. The headset’s depth awareness enables natural hand, object and people occlusion.

Stay comfortably immersed for longer

Automatic Inter-Pupillary Distance, ultra-wide, full-dome aspheric lenses, and the highest resolution displays available make everything instantly sharper and smoother – reducing eye strain and simulator sickness for your research subjects.

Our headsets have optimized device weight-balance with Varjo’s new zero-gravity fit and quick release feature to enable longer, more immersive sessions in total comfort.

Mixed reality practically indistinguishable from natural sight

Meet the Varjo XR-4 Series

Through the fusion of its highest-resolution displays, foveated capture stream, advanced LiDAR depth sensing and camera sensors, all of which mimic the function of the human eye, the Varjo XR-4 series offers virtual and mixed reality experiences practically indistinguishable from natural sight.

Read our insights on VR/XR for research:

E-Book: Beyond the Books – A Guide to VR/XR for Academic Use Power Your Research and Education

Apply to the Varjo Academic Discount Program

E-Book: A Researcher’s Guide to VR, XR, and Eye Tracking

E-book

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.