Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Varjo & Roche Raise Awareness for Macular Disease with Mixed Reality

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

 Your browser does not support the video tag.

How Lucid Reality Labs and Roche Raise Awareness for Macular Disease with Varjo Mixed Reality

Macular disease is a common eye disorder affecting millions of people around the world, but there is a significant lack of public awareness and research funding on the disease.

To tackle this issue, Lucid Reality Labs and Roche built a mixed reality experience that allows users to see first-hand how the medical condition affects the patients’ vision.

Macular Disease impacts millions but lacks public awareness

Macular disease, or macular degeneration, is a medical condition affecting around 1.5 million people of all ages in the UK alone. It results in blurred or no vision in the center of the visual field. Early on there are often no symptoms but over time patients experience a gradual worsening of vision that may affect one or both eyes. While it does not result in complete blindness, loss of central vision can make it hard to recognize faces, drive, read, or perform other activities of daily life.

While preventative measures such as treatments, exercising and eating well can be taken, there is currently no cure or treatment that returns vision that has already been lost. Unfortunately, as the phenomenon is poorly understood and can’t be observed with the naked eye, timely diagnostics and treatment may slow down the disease and diminish the severity of vision loss.

How mixed reality enables increased awareness of the disease

 Footage captured through the Varjo headset showcases how macular disease impacts the patient's vision

This lack of awareness and research funding led Roche to search for ways to attract more attention to the cause. They were looking for an innovative way to communicate the cause and turned to Lucid Reality Labs in order to build a mixed reality experience where people can experience how macular disease affects one’s vision. 

The goal of the project was to bring attention to and raise awareness of macular disease, especially among decision-makers, to facilitate National Health Service (NHS) funding aimed at macular disease early stage prevention, awareness and treatment.

The XR experience uses a headset, allowing the user to first see the real world in perfect visual clarity. An overlay is then created on top of the real world that simulates macular disease symptoms, partially blocking the person’s visual field. This allows the person wearing the headset to safely experience first-hand what everyday life with the disease would be like, enabling them to understand how even the simplest tasks can become a challenge if suffering from this condition.

XR enables many research and medical use cases

XR experience developed by Lucid Reality Labs with Roche perfectly demonstrates that mixed reality is extremely well suited to different kinds of research and medical use cases. 

By enabling the seamless blending of real and digital worlds, mixed reality also allows changing and observing the reality the user sees. This allows, for example, the simulation of medical conditions affecting a person’s vision in complete safety. It can also have other applications such as phobia research or behavioral studies.

Mixed reality solutions providing cost savings and practicality in research

With Varjo’s mixed reality solutions, research professionals can easily create any true-to-life environment for advanced clinical, academic, or commercial studies. They allow recreating the exact feeling and conditions of real-world studies, which enables researchers to gain meaningful behavioral insights – without the impracticalities and high costs of real-world studies.

Varjo headsets also feature high-accuracy eye tracking, and data from it can be combined with biometric data from another platform to measure human behavior and cognitive load to give researchers insights into human behavior that have not been possible before. 

XR research is rapidly starting to gather momentum, with numerous studies being published every year. While we are still in the early stages of research using virtual and mixed reality, we will see an increasing rate of adoption in the future as the technology has now advanced to a point where real-world applications can be achieved in a meaningful way. 

If you are interested in learning more about how Varjo headsets could be used in your next research project, get in touch with our experts or read more about the use of VR/XR for research.

Read more about medical VR and XR

: How to Leverage Mixed Reality for Medical Simulation Training

Webinar

Reimagining Aeromedical Training: How Real Response is Transforming the Way We Learn with Mixed Reality

Transforming Anatomy Education with Virtual and Mixed Reality – Case Touch of Life Technologies

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.