Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Mixed Reality in JTAC Training: A New Dimension in Preparedness

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Mixed Reality in JTAC Training: A New Dimension in Defence Preparedness

Reflecting a trend seen in other defence sectors, such as pilot training, headset-based mixed reality simulation is emerging as a new tool to complement traditional training solutions.

The role of a Joint Terminal Attack Controller (JTAC) is critical in the realm of military operations. These qualified service members are entrusted with coordinating the action of combat aircraft during close air support and other air operations.

The training for JTACs is rigorous, incorporating hands-on practice designed to prepare them for the complexities of their role. Reflecting a trend seen in other defence sectors, such as pilot training, headset-based mixed reality simulation is emerging as a new tool to complement traditional training solutions. There are many benefits to adopting a mixed reality training simulator in the JTAC training curriculum. It brings training to the point of need, integrating essential external tools and providing a cost-effective and streamlined solution that doesn’t compromise on quality. In a mixed reality training environment, real and virtual elements can be seamlessly blended together, enabling trainees to navigate the scenario freely by just putting on the headset.

Transporting JTAC Trainees Across the Globe in a Virtual Environment

Within a JTAC training scenario, users are looking to be transported into realistic observation points, which could range from mountain tops overlooking battlefields to dense urban settings. In a mixed reality simulation, the JTAC trainee can be placed in any part of the world, allowing trainees to feel as though they are physically present in the training environment. When they put on the headset, they’re able to experience being in that location while also having access to their tools, such as notebooks, radios, and software that they use to do their job. Having the added availability of external tool integration is essential for effective JTAC training and allows for a seamless integration that maintains a natural flow of operations.

Mixed reality JTAC training also introduces a significant advantage in terms of portability. With a lightweight setup, providers can take XR simulation to the point of need where training takes place to support some of the more traditional training systems in use. This flexibility allows for more frequent deployments of training, offering an efficient alternative to the space and cost constraints sometimes posed by traditional physical simulators, such as large dome solutions.

“If you want the best of both worlds: mixed reality external tool integration and cost effectiveness, this is the answer,” says , Mission Systems Operator & TACP JTAC.

Realism Redefined for the Securest of Environments

Within a virtual JTAC training environment, high-resolution and the ability to see fine details are important in order for users to interact with equipment and reference materials during simulations.

“The significance of the Varjo XR-4 is that the resolution of the pass-through cameras gives enough detail that users can read their watch, notebook, maps, radios – all these devices that they are working with,” says Andrew W. Jamison, General Manager at Immersive Display Solutions. “It’s essential that we are able to have enough resolution to be able to resolve and read those things through the cameras.”

“Additionally. the Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition with its TAA compliance is absolutely required for us since most of our customers need to use these in secure environments, and having that offline configuration is a requirement for our customers.”

In JTAC training, trainees are often scanning the horizon looking for aircrafts, looking out over their shoulders, or looking through their peripheral vision, making is crucial for simulations to be equipped with a realistic field of view. “A wider field of view, such as you find in the XR-4, really improves immersion, and once you’re immersed, training improves,” says Oliver Arup, Chief Product Officer at Bohemia Interactive Simulations.

“I think this is a game changer for the industry. I think that mixed reality eventually is going to be the standard utilized for JTAC sims.”

Andrew Rigato
 -
 Mission Systems Operator & TAPC JTAC 

Setting New Standards in JTAC Training

The adoption of mixed reality in JTAC training is gaining momentum within the industry, one indication of this shift being the MVRsimulation JTAC simulator receiving full accreditation from the Joint Fire Support Executive Steering Committee. It means that the training done in the mixed reality scenario is recognized as official training towards JTAC certification, marking a significant advancement in how military training is conducted.

“It’s really exciting for us to be the first in the industry for a JTAC mixed reality simulator to receive full accreditation,” says W. Garth Smith, President at MVRSimulation.

“The simulator has been judged to be so accurate and realistic that those controls that would normally have to be done in real world can now be done in simulation. It’s a big breakthrough for the industry.”

Discover simulated training with Varjo

Operating Drones in Mixed Reality: How Inzpire Leverages Varjo for Next-Gen UAV Training

How Wärtsilä Revolutionizes Maritime Training with Varjo’s XR Technology

Shaping the Future of Steel Production Training: Tata Steel’s Pioneering Use of VR with Steel Sim VR and Varjo

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.