DistranintheMedia

CompositeManufacturing
GasLeakDetection As A Service

Ultra Pro / Ultra Pro X

Blog
Distran in the media

Composite Manufacturing
Gas Leak Detection As A Service

Ultra Pro / Ultra Pro X

Blog
Distran in the media

Talk to your local Expert

They talk about us

Distran in the Media

“Ultra Pro X makes our work highly efficient” - TotalEnergies Raffinerie Mitteldeutschland (Leuna)

Kay von Rauchhaupt, plant engineer from the POX methane plant of the TotalEnergies refinery in Leuna, explains: “We quickly obtain accurate results and can store and archive videos and images as well as create inspection reports. To determine whether leak rates increase or remain constant multiple measurements can be performed. The camera allows operators to perform measurements from a safe distance, an advantage when working around dangerous gases.”

Distran provides technology at the service of leaks detection

Distran cameras not only prevent unplanned downtime and preserve the health and safety of the workers in industrial plants, they also reduce the environmental air pollution by providing a fast and practical detection means of leaks.

Maintenance 4.0: This is how you look for gas leaks on the ISS, and at MTU Maintenance

On board the International Space Station ISS, the risk of a compressed air leak can take massive proportions, it is a real threat for the astronauts. Within industrial environments, in a leak in a line for compressed air, steam, CO2, CH4 or H2 can also be dangerous to life and limb in addition to a financial risk. – Article in German
(Find the testimonial from MTU Maintenance on our blog page)

Composites: Vacuum leak detection with Distran Ultra Pro

Distran Ultra Pro used by the largest air-separation plant globally to increase valve life in mining projects

Distran makes gases visible and help protecting the climate: "Ultrasonic camera: an ingenious device that detects leaks in gas pipes. And they do it faster and safer than conventional methods." - Article in German

Global industrial players as Shell, GE, Roche, NASA or Air Liquide put their trust in us

The Distran ultrasonic camera was sent on board the ISS to find air leaks from the cabin into space. - Article in French

Within industrial environments, ultrasonic cameras can quickly locate the origin of leaks. - Article in French

Download our media kit