Globalsitetag(gtag.js)-GoogleAnalytics

ThissiteisoptimizedwiththeYoastSEOpluginv21.9.1-https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/

/YoastSEOplugin.

EndPageTitleH1

 Securely tethered UAV by Fotokite aids NYPD counterterrorism efforts at New Year’s Eve 

New York City PD has fortified its counter-terrorism measures with the integration of Fotokites into their security infrastructure.

 Cabled drone Fotokite prevents fire re-ignition protecting property at Plaza Cinema 

Fotokite’s role in preventing re-ignition showcases how advanced cabled drone solutions contribute to the efficiency and safety of firefighting efforts.

 Fotokite Tethered Drones Enhance Icelandic Volcano Monitoring by First Responders 

Monitoring Iceland’s lava flow with Fotokite SIGMA. Placed strategically in evacuated zones, our drones provide real-time streaming, ensuring a safe distance. 

 Test day of tethered drone at the airport highlights safety without airspace interruption 

Fotokite conducted a test day in collaboration with an airport firefighters, to explore how the integration of their solutions could enhance operational efficiency.

 Fotokite and Teikoku Sen-i Co. Ltd join forces to enhance public safety with tethered drones 

Teisen, a trusted name in the industry with a rich history spanning over a century, is set to become the official distributor of Fotokites in Japan.

 Fotokite and PSTR Group partner to elevate tethered drone technology in Australia 

Fotokite is pleased to announce its partnership with PSTR Group, a prominent provider of emergency situation training and technology solutions based in Australia.

 Tethered UAV Fotokite Sigma is donated to @fire to enhance capabilities in managing emergencies 

Fotokite’s eye in the sky promises to aid real-time situational awareness and rapid decision-making, as well as elevating the ability to save lives and protect communities.

 Drone on cable aided crowd management during the largest maritime festival in the world 

Fotokite – drone on the cable surveilled the crowd during the event and concerts that took place for the duration of the show.

 Tethered UAV used by Oklahoma City Fire Department to save lives and protect property 

In the fast-paced world of emergency response Oklahoma City Fire Department is harnessing technology of tethered UAV to enhance its capabilities.

 Tethered drones becoming a staple for police and fire departments 

From traffic crash reconstruction, pre-tactical deployment, fire response to search and rescue, drones as well as tethered drones are now known for bringing additional safety during critical situations.

 Fotokite announces closing financing, market expansion and executive team appointments 

Fotokite announces that it has closed a CHF 13.7M ($14.8M) series B financing round and outlines its plans to expand operations in 2022.

 Fotokite Sigma wins 2021 Design Prize Switzerland! 

Fotokite’s unique patented system is chosen as winner of the Design Prize Switzerland 2021 in the category Investment.

 Axon and Fotokite bring live streaming to public safety 

Fotokite and Axon today announced the autonomous Fotokite Sigma UAS complete with wireless livestreaming and evidence management to public safety customers in the US and Canada.

 Belgian First Responders can now access Fotokite Sigma 

Cybrid Thrust and Fotokite are proud to announce a distribution partnership that will give first responders and civil protection personnel in Belgium access to the Fotokite Sigma.

 Virgin Media O2 & Fotokite complete 5G trial in the UK 

Virgin Media O2 has conducted a first of its kind trial in the UK with Fotokite. The drone allows first responders to quickly send a tethered drone up to 45 meters above a scene.

 Fotokite partners with ITURRI Group in Spain and Portugal 

Portuguese and Spanish Firefighters will be getting the the latest aerial thermal imaging tool thanks to a new strategic partnership between Fotokite and ITURRI Group.

 Sklep Ogniowy and Fotokite partner to serve Polish Fire market 

Firefighters in Poland will be getting the the latest aerial thermal imaging tool thanks to a new strategic partnership.

 Beginning of Joint Development Agreement with MSA Safety Inc. 

Two companies will collaborate to advance fire scene situational awareness, both locally and through the cloud.

 Fotokite wins 1st place in X-treme Tech Challenge Global Competition 

XTC, the world’s largest startup competition focused on purpose-driven innovation, announced today seven Category Winners.

 Webinar: Fotokite’s Impact on Coordination of Emergency Response 

Join our webinar on 30 June to learn how Fotokites create impact by delivering situational awareness at emergency response scenes.

 The High-Impact Fotokite Sigma wins a Gold iF Design Award! 

Fotokite wins the top distinction in this year’s iF DESIGN AWARD: the iF Gold Award 2021.

 Fotokite enters the Dutch market through VTN Nederland 

Fire service vehicles in the Netherlands will be getting the latest aerial thermal imaging tool thanks to a new strategic partnership.

 Bonjour Europe! Guten Tag Europa! Buongiorno Europa! 

Fotokite announced the release of its fully autonomous aerial intelligence product line, the Fotokite Sigma, to European markets!

 Fotokite is now available in Italy thanks to Intellitronika SRL 

Fotokite enters the Italian market with Intellitronika SRL to offer Fotokite to Emergency Professionals across the country. 

 Meet the winners of the 2020 Swisscom 5G StartUp Challenge! 

Fotokite has given a winning pitch to the panel of judges from Ericsson, Qualcomm CDMA Technologies and Swisscom.

 Fotokite is in the Swisscom 5G StartUp Challenge! 

Fotokite is among 10 finalists to compete in Swisscom StartUp Challenge 2020. Popular vote is open for the public to choose their favorites.

 Desautel group partners with Fotokite to supply French Firefighters 

Fotokite new partnership with The Desautel Group, France’s market leader in protective equipment and fire and rescue vehicles.

 Axon & Fotokite partner to offer autonomous tethered drone technology 

 An exclusive partnership between Fotokite and Axon gives public safety teams instant access to aerial situational awareness.

 Excelerate Group to equip UK Public Safety with aerial situational awareness 

Fotokite partners with Excelerate Group to supply aerial thermal imaging tool to UK Public Safety, security and government teams.

 Fotokite partners with Brandschutztechnik Schlichtiger GmbH to enter German market 

Fotokite will enter the German market with partner Brandschutztechnik Schlichtiger to fulfill demand for Fotokite Sigma systems from local fire departments.

 Fotokite announces Growag AG as Swiss distributor 

Fotokite has partnered with Growag Feuerwehrtechnik AG, the leading trade and production company of equipment for fire departments in Switzerland.

 UK Fire Market is getting a new aerial thermal imaging tool 

Fire service vehicles in the UK will be getting the latest aerial thermal imaging tool to enable instant deployment and one-button operation.

 Fotokite launches vehicle Rooftop system for US Public Safety teams 

Fotokite announced the release of the new Rooftop product configuration, providing firefighters and Public Safety teams with immediate aerial situational awareness at the push of a button.

 Credit Suisse Entrepreneur Capital invests in Fotokite 

Credit Suisse EntrepreneurCapital Ltd., the bank’s venture capital vehicle, announced that it is investing in Perspective Robotics.

 Fotokite wins $1M in New York! 

Fotokite received the top prize of $1 million at GENIUS NY, the world’s largest business competition for unmanned systems in Syracuse, New York. 

 Swiss Startup Days: New concept proved to be a success 

Swiss Startup Days: The two day event set new record attendance. Fotokite wins the Robotics & IOT competition track.

 Fotokite receives top awards for innovative designs at European Robotics Forum 

 euRobotics hosted an Entrepreneurship and TechTransfer award. Startups from around Europe competed for top prizes in front of a panel of experts.

 Fotokite wins Techstars Pitching Competition in Las Vegas! 

Fotokite was awarded, among other prizes, $120’000 for winning the Techstars pitching competition at the CES event.

 $250‘000 for Fotokite from Qualcomm 

Fotokite has won the Qualcomm QPrize Europe.

Product

Europe

Fotokite US LLC
3125 Sterling Circle, STE 107
Boulder, CO 80301, USA

Fotokite US LLC
235 Harrison Street, MD 52
Syracuse, NY 13202, USA

 © 2024 Fotokite. All rights reserved

 Custom Feeds for Instagram JS