Globalsitetag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO plugin v21.9.1 - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Traffic Management Drone for real time visibility l Fotokite

 / Yoast SEO plugin. 

 Quickly and easily monitor, track and document traffic flow and bottlenecks in the safety and convenience of your vehicle. 

 End Page Title H1 

Fotokite systems provide the intelligence and simple visualization of traffic flow and bottlenecks from the safety and convenience of a vehicle. 

Different to traditional traffic management drones, Fotokite Sigma deploys completely pilot-free at the push of a button. Travelling up to height of 45m/150ft, it provides an ideal bird’s-eye view for simple and effective traffic management operations. A regular light camera with 5x digital zoom allows for enhanced visibility of the objects in the distance. 

Most popular applications include: traffic flow control and management from the scene of the motorway accident, bottleneck identification and prevention, and general traffic observation. Optional remote video streaming functionality broadcasts the live footage from your scene directly to traffic control centers and other on-site teams on the go, without the battery life restriction of a typical traffic management drone. 

Weather rated and pilot-free, deployment of a simple traffic management UAS has never been more safe and accessible.

 Bird’s-eye-view to the incident 

 The Fotokite provided a bird’s-eye-view to the incident.

commander and other critical decision makers which allowed them to make more informed and educated

decisions in the successful management of the event 

 Deputy Chief Chris Sadler, York County Department of Fire & Life Safety 

 Page Call to Action 

 Would you like to know more about use cases? 

 Get in touch with our industry experts to learn more about how Fotokite can help in your operations. 

 End Page Call to Action 

Fotokite US LLC
3125 Sterling Circle, STE 107
Boulder, CO 80301, USA

Fotokite US LLC
235 Harrison Street, MD 52
Syracuse, NY 13202, USA

 © 2024 Fotokite. All rights reserved

 Custom Feeds for Instagram JS