Globalsitetag(gtag.js)-GoogleAnalytics

ThissiteisoptimizedwiththeYoastSEOpluginv21.9.1-https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/
ActivelyTetheredDronesforEmergencyResponselFotokite

/YoastSEOplugin.

 Built for First Responders 

Fotokite Sigma provides public safety teams with mission-critical situational awareness from elevated perspectives. Fotokite's actively tethered drones saves team resources by launching, flying, and landing with the single push of a button; no piloting necessary. Fotokite Sigma is authorized and recognized by aviation authorities as a safer alternative to non-actively tethered drones and free-flying public safety drone systems.

 Fotokite Live: Easy to Use 

 Fotokite Live is Fotokite Sigma's native operating software. Mission critical situational awareness information is continuously available on included rugged tablets and allows teams to make increasingly information-driven decisions through a simple, straightforward interface. 

 RGB video resolution with 5x digital zoom is 720p/30fps 

 Thermal video resolution is 320 x 256/30fps 

 Operate as long as your mission needs it. Integration into the power supply from your vehicle keeps the Fotokite Sigma operational for the duration of your mission. 

 End

 Field Tested. Firefighter Approved. 

 From live fire responses to search and rescue missions, firefighters are now using the Fotokite Sigma on a daily basis as an essential tool for their missions. 

 EndUse Case 

Use Case 

 Safe & Reliable in any Weather 

 Reliability is one of the cornerstones of Fotokite's technologies. While normal public safety drone use is widely limited in inclement weather conditions, Fotokite actively tethered UAS is regularly deployed in rain, snow, and windy conditions. 

Use Case 

 Fotokite Sigma is available in three configurations: 

 The Rooftop Box configuration is Fotokite's flagship configuration, enabling elevated situational awareness immediately and completely hands-free. Designed for integration into SUV and heavy apparatus vehicle classes, the Rooftop configuration deploys with the single push of a button. 

 The Transport Case configuration allows the use of the Fotokite Sigma interchangeably between vehicles and offers incident response scene flexibility when deploying the system. 

 The Tray Mount configuration allows the close integration of Fotokite systems into the side compartments of any apparatus. 

 Find more Details about Fotokite Sigma 

 Hear from our Customers 

 End

 Fotokites are used as a reactive tool. 

 They assist in search and rescue efforts, like a building collapse or the search for a teenager in the East River. They provide aerial situational awareness and support for boots on the ground. 

New York Police Department 

 A bird’s eye view for large events. 

 Fotokite provided situational awareness and a common operating picture for all. This was to ensure that everyone remained safe during the expression of First Amendment rights exercises. 

San Francisco Police Department 

 Fotokite. Launch and forget. 

 Having the kite be able to stay up during the duration of the incident without worrying about batteries, FAA regulations or assigning a full time operator is invaluable. 

Kansas City Fire Department

 Flying when you need it most. 

 The simple controls, functions and programmed autonomous actions of the aircraft makes it easy to operate even under stressful conditions and austere weather environments. 

York County Department of Fire & Life Safety 

Rebecca Weiner, Intelligence & Counterterrorism Deputy Commissioner, NYPD, USA 

Mark Salter, Group Manager, Cornwall Fire and Rescue Service, UK 

Scott Douglas, Captain, Oklahoma City Fire Department, US 

Tadd Wegener, Batallion Chief, City of Merrill, US 

 End

Los Angeles Fire Department, US

Paris Fire Brigade, France

New York Fire Department, US

Zurich Fire & Rescue, Switzerland

Chicago Fire Department, US

Milan Fire Brigade, Italy

City of Ottawa Fire Service, Canada

Geneva Fire & Rescue, Switzerland

Cornwall Fire & Rescue, UK

Innherred Fire & Rescue, Norway

 End

 Page Title H2 

 We work with numerous partners to make Fotokite available to first responders around the globe. 

 End Page Title H2 

Public Safety Training & Response Group

 Page Title H2 

 End Page Title H2 

 Securely tethered UAV by Fotokite aids NYPD counterterrorism efforts at New Year’s Eve 

New York City PD has fortified its counter-terrorism measures with the integration of Fotokites into their security infrastructure.

 Teaser 

 Cabled drone Fotokite prevents fire re-ignition protecting property at Plaza Cinema 

Fotokite’s role in preventing re-ignition showcases how advanced cabled drone solutions contribute to the efficiency and safety of firefighting efforts.

 Teaser 

 Fotokite Tethered Drones Enhance Icelandic Volcano Monitoring by First Responders 

Monitoring Iceland’s lava flow with Fotokite SIGMA. Placed strategically in evacuated zones, our drones provide real-time streaming, ensuring a safe distance. 

 End Teaser 

 Page Title H2 

 This project has received funding from the an Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement No. 856120. 

 End Page Title H2 

 Page Call to Action 

 Would you like to know more? 

 Get in touch with our team to learn more about the product and its various applications 

 End Page Call to Action 

Europe

Fotokite US LLC
3125 Sterling Circle, STE 107
Boulder, CO 80301, USA

Fotokite US LLC
235 Harrison Street, MD 52
Syracuse, NY 13202, USA

 © 2024 Fotokite. All rights reserved

 Custom Feeds for Instagram JS