CirculatingTumorDNA(ctDNA)Monitoring

GoogleAnalyticssnippetaddedbySiteKit

EndGoogleAnalyticssnippetaddedbySiteKit

GoogleTagManagersnippetaddedbySiteKit

EndGoogleTagManager snippet added by Site Kit 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 

Solid Biopsy (Kit)Liquid Biopsy (OncoSELECT® Kit)Molecular Residual Disease (MRD)OncoCDI – Clinical Data Intelligence 

Clinical TestingPrecision enrollmentMRD for PharmaKnowledge-driven medicineClinical Data Intelligence (OncoCDI®) 

Solid Biopsy (OncoDEEP®)Liquid Biopsy (OncoSELECT®)Cancer Monitoring (OncoFOLLOW®)Molecular Residual Disease (MRD) 

About UsCertifications & AccreditationsTeamAwardsCareersIntegraGen subsidiary investors

OncoFOLLOW : Personalized liquid biopsy for patient monitoring 

Liquid biopsy

2 blood samples 

First personalized liquid biopsy 

Monitor the progression and detect lack of response

OncoFOLLOW is a test based on the analysis of circulating tumor DNA in blood. It is used to monitor the progression of the tumor (burden of the disease) and to detect lack of response or resistance to treatment as soon as it appears.

This assay is customised for each patient, as it analyses up to 15 variants previously identified in the tumour of the patient. In addition, it sequences a fixed panel of 40 genes associated with response/resistance to targeted therapies and immunotherapy, and/or frequently mutated in cancer.

In 2013, OncoDNA became the first company to launch a personalized liquid biopsy test. 

SAMPLE TYPE: 

All stage IV solid tumours in adults that have been previously sequenced (with OncoDEEP or any other test sequencing more than 100 genes). 

40 genesUp to 15 variants previously identified in the tumour 

MATERIAL: 

2 blood samples (2x10ml Streck tubes) 

Unique Gene Panel For Each Patient 

The gene panel is customised for each patient by selecting a set of patient-specific variants, which were identified in the tumour by a previous sequencing test (with OncoDEEP, or with any other test sequencing more than 100 genes 

A minimally invasive technique
From a simple blood sample, this minimally invasive technique allows to follow the treatment response very closely and identify new targets if the cancer becomes resistant to the current therapy, and it may detect relapse earlier than routine imaging technologies.

	OncoDNA scientific team regularly publishes studies in peer-reviewed international journals. We have selected for you the key scientific publications that highlight the clinical impact of our OncoFOLLOW test.

	Circulating tumor DNA in early response assessment and monitoring of advanced colorectal cancer treated with a multi-kinase inhibitor	

	The clinical impact of using complex molecular profiling strategies in routine oncology practice	

	EML4-ALK translocation identification in RNA exosomal cargo (ExoALK) in NSCLC patients: a novel role for liquid biopsy	

	Translational Cancer Research 2019	

OncoDEEP® 

Comprehensive biomarker test to support clinical decisions

OncoDEEP® offers a unique combination of DNA, RNA and protein biomarker tests on solid biopsies. In less than two weeks, OncoDEEP is able to pinpoint the therapeutic vulnerabilities of an advanced, metastatic tumor and to recommend appropriate treatment options. The test screens for genomic alterations (DNA & RNA), genomic signatures (MSI, TMB, HRD) and protein biomarkers of response to targeted therapies, immunotherapies, hormone therapy and chemotherapy. 

Smart and cost-effective liquid biopsy panels with selected key genes per tumor type

OncoSELECT is a fast and minimally invasive analysis of circulating tumor DNA from a blood sample. It is the perfect solution to identify therapeutic options for cancer patients not able to have their tumor biopsied or whose biopsy is too old. It can be used as a tool to detect treatment resistance to targeted and hormonal therapies (before first-line to check the heterogeneity of the disease, or during/after treatment to check for acquired resistance mutations), as well as for monitoring cancer progression. 

How can I order an OncoFOLLOW test?

Ordering an OncoFOLLOW test is very simple: Just log in to OncoSHARE and select the diagnostic test(s) you are interested in. If you do not have a kit for sample collection, we will send you one.

How do I get the results of an OncoFOLLOW test?

After sample processing and interpretation by our expert team, a comprehensive report will be available for you on OncoSHARE. In a simple and interactive manner, it will help you with the selection of the most appropriate treatments based on the unique signature of your patient’s tumour. Moreover, you will also be able to share the report with your colleagues.

 What is the price of an OncoFOLLOW test?

For information regarding the price of our OncoFOLLOW test in your respective country, please contact our sales team.

	Cannot find what you are looking for? ! Our Scientific Teams are available to answer all your questions from Monday to Friday.	

 us

OncoDNA is a theranostic and genomic company with renown expertise in precision oncology and genetic diseases. 

OncoDNA S.A. (headquarters)Rue Louis Breguet 1BE-6041 Gosselies

+32 (0) 71 18 35 00 

Support 

Contact

	©OncoDNA 2024. All rights reserved. VAT:BE0501631837	

	Made by Créatonit   Sitemap 

 Consent Management powered by Complianz | GDPR/CCPA Cookie Consent https://wordpress.org/plugins/complianz-gdpr 

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes

Manage consent
 Start of Async HubSpot Analytics Code 

 End of Async HubSpot Analytics Code 

 This website is like a Rocket, isn't it? Performance optimized by WP Rocket. Learn more: https://wp-rocket.me - Debug: cached@1712110917