DiscoverhowMRDisusedinclinicaltrialswithOncoDNA

GoogleAnalyticssnippetaddedbySiteKit

EndGoogleAnalyticssnippetaddedbySiteKit

GoogleTagManagersnippetaddedbySiteKit

End Google Tag Manager snippet added by Site Kit 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 

Solid Biopsy (OncoDEEP® Kit)Liquid Biopsy (OncoSELECT® Kit)Molecular Residual Disease (MRD)OncoCDI – Clinical Data Intelligence 

Clinical TestingPrecision enrollmentMRD for PharmaKnowledge-driven medicineClinical Data Intelligence (OncoCDI®) 

Solid Biopsy (OncoDEEP®)Liquid Biopsy (OncoSELECT®)Cancer Monitoring (OncoFOLLOW®)Molecular Residual Disease (MRD) 

About UsCertifications & AccreditationsTeamAwardsCareersIntegraGen subsidiary investors

Molecular Residual Disease (MRD) for Pharma 

MRD allows a faster time to market for pharmaceutical companies by increasing clinical trials efficiency while reducing overall cost 

MRD (Molecular Residual Disease) allows a faster time to market for pharmaceutical companies by increasing clinical trials efficiency while reducing overall cost. MRD which refers to the presence of circulating tumor DNA in the blood, can be tested at multiple time points in the patient journey and might be used for several applications during the clinical trial, increasing its efficiency, reducing overall costs, and demonstrating the durability of treatment response.

Why conduct clinical trials with MRD monitoring? 

To ensure an accurate enrolment 

Guide patient selection based on biopsy mutation signature and blood-based MRD. 

To evaluate treatment efficacy most quickly

Tested at multiple time-points during the course of treatment, MRD assessment is used to monitor patient response over time. 

To compare two treatment approaches

Providing deep insights on treatment efficiency enables the development of an informed treatment strategy. 

AstraZeneca extends C2i pact to validate minimal residual disease solid tumor blood test 

To adapt therapy intensity according to MRD follow-up

With the accurate tumor burden measurement as indicator, clinicians can precisely adapt the treatment intensity. 

To adapt maintenance duration

Collect enough data to ensure that the trial stays on track  and that the drug or therapy is working as intended. 

To introduce Early Rescue Intervention (ERI) strategy

The implementation of MRD testing supports the prevention of over and under treatment and may become a surrogate biomarker for accelerated drug development and operational cure. 

Clinical utility of the MRD testing 

MRD testing eliminates uncertainty throughout the treatment journey and provides a simple way of monitoring how patients are responding to their current treatment in real time. 

Stage II-IIIA Bladder Cancer

Stage III Colon Cancer

Stage IV Lung Cancer (width>50% PD-L1 expression)

Our standardized workflow from the test shipment to providing MRD report has been designed to ensure consistency, accuracy, and efficiency at every stage of the process. 

After confirmation of the order, we dispatch the test kits 

After confirmation of the order, we dispatch the test kits, which include a solid biopsy block/slides holder and a barcoded blood collection tube, to the designated medical institution. 

Filter out noise and derive patient specific cancer mutational signature 

We identify the genetic pattern of a patient’s tumor using thousands of data points across the entire genome. 

MRD technology utilizes artificial intelligence that recognizes patient-specific cancer patterns 

AI & Advanced Signal Processing

MRD technology utilizes artificial intelligence that recognizes tumor specific genomic patterns to provide unprecedented acuity in cancer detection and monitoring. 

Our team of oncology experts reviews each report          

Clinical validation by scientific team

Our team of oncology experts reviews each report before making it available for the clinician 

AstraZeneca extends C2i pact to validate minimal residual disease solid tumor blood test
Genome-wide circulating tumor DNA for monitoring treatment response and metastatic relapse in bladder cancer
Sensitive detection of circulating tumor DNA by whole genome sequencing (AACR)
Whole genome cell-free tumor DNA mutational signatures for noninvasive monitoring of pediatric brain cancers (AACR)
Ultra-sensitive detection of minimal residual disease (MRD) through whole genome sequencing (WGS) using an AI-based error suppression model in resected early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (AACR)

What is MRD (powered by C2i Genomics) test and what does it test for?

C2inform is a personalized qualitative diagnostic tumor informed test for the circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) – based Molecular Residual Disease (MRD) assessment by using whole-genome sequencing (WGS) data for patients previously diagnosed with solid cancer.

How accurate is C2i Genomics MRD test?

MRD test is designed to be highly sensitive and specific. It can detect extremely low levels of circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) in a patient’s blood, allowing for the identification of residual cancer cells that might go undetected by conventional biomarker tests.

What information does the test report provide?

MRD test provides results in the form of a binary score (positive or negative).

What does a positive C2i Genomics MRD test result mean?

Test Positive: Estimated detection score is above or equal to a pre-defined threshold value – indicates MRD detection

What does a negative C2i Genomics MRD test result mean?

Test Negative: Estimated detection score is below a pre-defined threshold value – indicates MRD non-detection. A negative test result does not definitely indicate the absence of cancer. 

What type of samples are needed for MRD testing?

Data is generated from WGS analysis of the following specimen types from each patient: Tumor tissue sample (Formalin Fixed Paraffin Embedded (FFPE)), whole blood for both germline DNA from Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells (PBMCs), and plasma for circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA).

What is the turnaround time for my MRD test results?

The turnaround time is 14 Days.

OncoDNA is a theranostic and genomic company with renown expertise in precision oncology and genetic diseases. 

OncoDNA S.A. (headquarters)Rue Louis Breguet 1BE-6041 Gosselies

+32 (0) 71 18 35 00 

	©OncoDNA 2024. All rights reserved. VAT:BE0501631837	

	Made by Créatonit   Sitemap 

 Consent Management powered by Complianz | GDPR/CCPA Cookie Consent https://wordpress.org/plugins/complianz-gdpr 

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes

Manage consent
 Start of Async HubSpot Analytics Code 

 End of Async HubSpot Analytics Code 

 This website is like a Rocket, isn't it? Performance optimized by WP Rocket. Learn more: https://wp-rocket.me - Debug: cached@1712106933