Knowledge-DrivenMedicineforClinicalTrials

GoogleAnalyticssnippetaddedbySiteKit

EndGoogleAnalyticssnippetaddedbySiteKit

GoogleTag Manager snippet added by Site Kit 

 End Google Tag Manager snippet added by Site Kit 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 

Solid Biopsy (OncoDEEP® Kit)Liquid Biopsy (OncoSELECT® Kit)Molecular Residual Disease (MRD)OncoCDI – Clinical Data Intelligence 

Clinical TestingPrecision enrollmentMRD for PharmaKnowledge-driven medicineClinical Data Intelligence (OncoCDI®) 

Solid Biopsy (OncoDEEP®)Liquid Biopsy (OncoSELECT®)Cancer Monitoring (OncoFOLLOW®)Molecular Residual Disease (MRD) 

About UsCertifications & AccreditationsTeamAwardsCareersIntegraGen subsidiary investors

A unique data interpretation pipeline, from patient to trials meta-analyses 

OncoKDM is the first personalised bioinformatic assistant that can be customised to your specific needs and your bioinformatics pipeline. It is a highly-secured platform, accessible through the web which will turn your data into useful knowledge, without investment in hardware or IT staff.

OncoKDM can integrate sequencing data from any platform with any other test performed in the laboratory. Through proprietary algorithms, OncoKDM can analyse and integrate the information to enable relevant biological and clinical interpretation. 

OncoKDM: Make it your data interpretation pipeline, from patient to trials meta-analyses

Based on its expertise in giving sense to molecular data obtained from individual cancer patient tested in routine, OncoDNA has developed a specific environment to allow clinical data integration and interpretation. Clinical background, treatment history, molecular characterisation data, treatment arm, clinical outcomes, … so many different types of data OncoDNA can extract knowledge from. 

Integrate genomics, molecular pathology, IHC test results, and clinical data.

DNA (Ion Torrent, Illumina,…), RNA (microarray, transcriptome), protein (IHC, MS,…) 

Compatible with third party data sets QC and biomarker calling.

Customise the bioinformatics pipeline, personalise the report according to your needs and specifications 

Secure and robust web portal giving access to data and interpretation to every eligible partner.

Standardise your data to simplify further meta-analyses. 

Connect with one or a list of collaborators and share and discuss the report remotely and securely to make the right decision. 

They trust our expertise 

	Aiding physicians to identify HRAS and other mutations in HNSCC is an essential element of Kura’s clinical development strategy. Streamlining screening processes facilitates timely access to important medical information that could help oncologists and their patients in making treatment decisions.	

M.D. PH.D ANTONIO GUALBERTOHead of Development and Chief Medical Officer, Kura Oncology - USA 

	The study met its predefined success criteria and has been amended to continue enrolling HRAS mutant HNSCC pts, as well as pts with SCC, other than HNSCC, with HRAS mutations into a new Cohort 3. (ESMO 22 october 2018)	

DR. ALAN L. HOOncologist, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center - USA 

OncoDNA is a theranostic and genomic company with renown expertise in precision oncology and genetic diseases. 

OncoDNA S.A. (headquarters)Rue Louis Breguet 1BE-6041 Gosselies

+32 (0) 71 18 35 00 

	©OncoDNA 2024. All rights reserved. VAT:BE0501631837	

	Made by Créatonit   Sitemap 

 Consent Management powered by Complianz | GDPR/CCPA Cookie Consent https://wordpress.org/plugins/complianz-gdpr 

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes

Manage consent
 Start of Async HubSpot Analytics Code 

 End of Async HubSpot Analytics Code 

 This website is like a Rocket, isn't it? Performance optimized by WP Rocket. Learn more: https://wp-rocket.me - Debug: cached@1712110917