ThissiteisoptimizedwiththeYoastSEOpluginv22.3 - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 

 / Yoast SEO plugin. 

 HFCM by 99 Robots - Snippet # 3: Google Analytics 

 /end HFCM by 99 Robots 
 HFCM by 99 Robots - Snippet # 2: GDPR 

 /end HFCM by 99 Robots 

Core Values
Investors, Grants & Awards

Core Values
Investors, Grants & Awards

Semi-automated software for 15O-water PET myocardial blood flow analysis 

IMPORTANT NOTICE: MedTrace’s products are not currently cleared for routine use in any markets, including both the US and Europe. In the US, 15O-water is currently under investigation as an investigational drug in a Phase 3 clinical trial. In Europe, its use is in compliance with approvals granted by national drug authorities, in accordance with the specific legislation of each member state. 

aQuant is a software suited for the semi-automated and robust analysis of 15O-water. The underlying algorithms of aQuant have been used in research and reported in more than 30 peer-reviewed articles over the last decade. 

Each 15O-water scan is segmented using Cluster Analysis, automatically extracting the blood input function. 

aQuant is a semi-automated software that provides high quality quantitative images of bloodflow, which use to be a challenge for 15O-water. 

Automated generated result ready for manual QC. 

Results of MBF at stress and rest are presented as short and long axis images, polarmaps and in tabular form. Build-in quality control helps the reviewer assess the quality of the scan. 

Results are summarized on a report page and can be exported to local PACS system. Parametric images can likewise be exported for documentation or subsequent fusion with CT angiogram. 

Images of anonym’s kindly provided by Prof. Jens Sörensen, Uppsala University Hospital. 

These input functions are then further used to generate diagnostic images using 15O-water’s simple kinetic model. The high-contrast images of Perfusable Tissue Fraction (PTF) are then used for automated segmentation of the heart itself. Since PTF does not represent blood flow, this eliminates observer bias in low-blood flow regions. 

	By automatic generation, reorientation and segmentation of quantitative parametric images of blood flow, results
are ready for review with hardly any user interaction necessary.