htmlAdd-on– Wired Smart Thermostat
Add-on – Wired Smart ThermostatOverviewSpecifications
Add-on – Wired Smart Thermostat

Control more rooms or your water-based underfloor heating smart as well. Add additional Smart Thermostats to your Starter Kit and enhance your comfort even more. Choose to suit your taste: traditional white or striking black. The quality and functions are the same.Where to buy
For all your rooms

Control more zones and rooms individually with just one app – always and from anywhere.
tado° for underfloor heating

Your water-based underfloor heating can be controlled with tado°, too.
For apartments with gas boilers

The Wired Smart Thermostat can replace wired thermostats in apartments with gas boilers. If your gas boiler is currently not controlled by a thermostat at all, you can control your heating by installing the Wireless Smart Thermostat Starter Kit.
For independent homes with gas or oil heating or heat pump.

The Wired Smart Thermostat can replace wired thermostats to control your home’s central heating, your ground source or air source heat pump or different zones of your underfloor heating. If your boiler has a wireless thermostat or none at at all, you can control your heating with the Wireless Smart Thermostat Starter Kit.
For every home with underfloor heating

The Wired Smart Thermostat can replace wired thermostats to control the underfloor heating system in your home. Please note: tado° is not compatible with electrical and wireless underfloor heating systems.
What’s in the box?

1 tado° Wired Smart Thermostat

2 wall mounting screws

To connect your additional Smart Thermostats, simply follow the instructions in your tado° app. You’ll need no expert knowledge to accomplish the installation in just a few minutes. Alternatively, you can book a professional installer.Step-by-step instructions

The Smart Thermostat connects to the internet via the Internet Bridge that’s part of your Starter Kit (not included in this package).Sensors

tado° measures temperature and humidity. The temperature sensor accuracy is 0.01°C.Radio communication

Frequency: 868 MHz (6LoWPAN)Multi-language support

The tado° app, instructions and software are available in English, German, French, Italian, Spanish and Dutch.WeightWired Smart Thermostat: 156 gFull packaging: 279 gMaterial

The outer shell consists of polycarbonate (PC) and ABS plastic in matte white.User interface

The LED matrix has 10 x 19 mm LEDs and has a size of 32 x 20 mm. Buttons: 2x capacitive touch, 1x mechanical.Warranty

Limited warranty: 2 years

Make tado° a part of your connected home. Control your heating with Apple HomeKit. Use Siri, Google Assistant or Amazon Echo to control your heating using voice commands, and create Applets with IFTTT to connect tado° with other applications and smart devices. tado° can also be integrated into the eNet Smart Home system.

Factory refurbished – tado° products as good as new

All the benefits and the full guarantee: with our refurbished products you take no risk.Discover deals