BiogastoBiomethaneUpgradingTechnologies - Cycle0 : Cycle0

 Twitter conversion tracking base code 

 End Twitter conversion tracking base code 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO plugin v20.3 - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 

 / Yoast SEO plugin. 

Delivering biomethane from agri-food waste with proprietary biogas upgrading and RNG liquefaction technology

Our small-to-medium-scale biomethane plants use proprietary upgrading and liquefaction technologies to deliver more efficiency than traditional large-scale facilities. Engineered by our Spanish manufacturing subsidiary, FNX, our modular, skid-mounted plants are simple to install in even the most remote sites, allowing agri-food producers to unlock value from waste and contribute to the circular economy.

Modular, membrane-based biogas upgrading system

Our biogas to biomethane upgrading technologies feature two modules:

Biogas is fed into a pre-treatment container.
Biogas is cooled to remove excess water.
H2S is removed using carbon filters.
Volatile organic compounds are filtered.

Module 2: Compressionand CO2 Removal

Pressure is increased via a screw compressor.
Gas is cooled with a condenser to remove any H2O.
Methane is separated from CO2 by membrane filters.
Biomethane is injected into the grid or used for vehicle fuel.*

Plug-and-play Bio-LNG liquefaction plants

Plug-and-play Bio-LNG liquefaction plants

Our modular, small-scale liquefaction plants are designed to be easily transported and installed in remote locations.

Skid mounted, fully finished designs for plug-and-play field installation
Simple transportation to any site via standard ISO shipping containers
Units include all cabling and piping with no need for pipe racks, cable trays or soil pits
Fully assembled and tested in-house by our manufacturing subsidiary, FNX
Self-contained nitrogen closed-loop refrigeration systems reduces costs
Grid-connected or self-generated power options allow for installation anywhere

Explore its end uses

FNX: bringing 10+ years of engineering expertise

FNX: bringing 10+ years of engineering expertise

Our biomethane upgrading and liquefaction technologies are designed, developed, built and tested on-site by FNX, our manufacturing subsidiary located in the Spanish Basque country.

With over 10 years of experience building reliable, scalable systems, FNX provides the know-how throughout the entire biogas production chain.

EXPLORE THE FNX WEBSITE

Technology that’s unlocking the biomethane value chain

 Accessing stranded feedstock, often in remote areas, and economically producing biomethane, takes a comprehensive, granular skillset that we bring to the table. Our technical solutions, ability to develop and efficiently build plants and strong engineering team are what gives us a critical edge at CycleØ. 

Ready to learn more about our technology?
We currently have 18 biomethane facilities in operation or different stages of development in Europe and Latin America. Thanks to financial backing from Ara Partners, a leading decarbonisation private equity firm, we have the capital to make any biomethane project a reality.

First name(Required) Last name(Required) Email(Required)

Phone MessageConsent I have read and agree to the Privacy Policy

This website uses cookies to improve your experience.SettingsAcceptManage consent 

Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities.

	Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.	

	 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.	

 This website is like a Rocket, isn't it? Performance optimized by WP Rocket. Learn more: https://wp-rocket.me - Debug: cached@1711369065