-Cycle0:Cycle0

 Twitter conversion tracking base code 

 End Twitter conversion tracking base code 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO plugin v20.3 - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 

 / Yoast SEO plugin. 

Careers

Let’s take climate action, together.
If you’re ready to accelerate your career while making a measurable impact, you’re in the right place.

We’re looking for purpose-driven people to help us on our mission to slow climate change and deliver immediate solutions for today’s global environmental challenges.

We’re hiring for various roles, from experienced executives and people with direct energy or agriculture expertise to recent graduates.

If you want to help us reduce GHGs and join a team of like-minded people, then come and be part of our journey from waste to net-zero!

 The core values that unite us 
At CycleØ, we don’t just talk about our core values — we live them. They define our culture, guide our actions, and allow us all to do our best work.

We look for and nurture these qualities in our people and future colleagues.

We maintain a human approach in everything we do, at every level of the business. Our work and our attitude are always inclusive and approachable.

We maintain a human approach in everything we do, at every level of the business. Our work and our attitude are always inclusive and approachable.

Across all business operations, we will always be honest and clear. Transparency is the foundation of trust.

Across all business operations, we will always be honest and clear. Transparency is the foundation of trust.

We show up every day committed to our mission. We take accountability for our work, our attitude, and the results obtained. 

We show up every day committed to our mission. We take accountability for our work, our attitude, and the results obtained. 

We provide opportunities and autonomy, but it is up to each Cyclist to shape their own experience; to take ownership of what’s possible. Be pro-active, push the boundaries. 

We provide opportunities and autonomy, but it is up to each Cyclist to shape their own experience; to take ownership of what’s possible. Be pro-active, push the boundaries. 

We believe in a shared responsibility to positively impact people, communities, and our planet. This is demonstrated by the solutions we build and the decisions we make.

We believe in a shared responsibility to positively impact people, communities, and our planet. This is demonstrated by the solutions we build and the decisions we make.

We are united in a shared passion for implementing solutions that will improve the lives of future generations. we work as one team towards this goal.

We are united in a shared passion for implementing solutions that will improve the lives of future generations. we work as one team towards this goal.

Thank you to all our ‘Cyclists’ for living these values every single day, and for making CycleØ a fantastic place to work!

 "Working at CycleØ has given me the opportunity to contribute towards a sustainable future whilst growing in many aspects of my career. It's such a pleasure to work with a small but international team of talented individuals that are shaping a fun, collaborative culture across borders." 

You will be responsible for developing and leading the operations and commercial divisions, and associated P&L of the organisation.

Senior Business Development Manager, Spain

You will drive the expansion of our client base and biomethane production footprint in Spain, as part of an aggressive growth strategy.

You will oversee the organization’s sourcing capabilities and be responsible for acquiring goods and services of the highest quality at the most optimal cost.

Corporate Development, Senior Manager

You will work alongside our CEO/Founder and a passionate multiskilled team, in driving the company’s organic and inorganic growth.

You will be supporting the design, construction, and commissioning of integrated biomethane plants, in addition to participating in innovative process and product development.

You will be supporting the design, construction, and commissioning of integrated biomethane plants, in addition to participating in innovative process and product development.

You will be responsible for overseeing the development and construction of integrated biomethane plants within their designated area.

You will take ownership of the plants’ performance and ensure efficient operations. You will work closely with the area Project /Plant Manager and the Engineering team, based in Artea.

You will create new, and refine existing, products and technologies through a process of researching, designing, experimenting, and testing.

Don’t see a vacancy matching your profile? We’re rapidly expanding and always looking for purpose-driven people to join our mission to slow climate change.

Picture yourself at Cycle0

This website uses cookies to improve your experience.SettingsAcceptManage consent 

Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities.

	Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.	

	 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.	

 This website is like a Rocket, isn't it? Performance optimized by WP Rocket. Learn more: https://wp-rocket.me - Debug: cached@1711369206