RenewableNaturalGas(RNG)Logistics - Cycle0 : Cycle0

 Twitter conversion tracking base code 

 End Twitter conversion tracking base code 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO plugin v20.3 - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 

 / Yoast SEO plugin. 

Fuelling the transition to net-zero with Renewable Natural Gas

Fuelling the transition to net-zero with Renewable Natural Gas

Biomethane, also known as renewable natural gas (RNG), is a carbon-neutral substitute for conventional fossil-based natural gas. Our small-scale, distributed plants process agri-food waste to produce biomethane in both compressed gas (Bio-CNG) and liquid (Bio-LNG) forms for both vehicular use and industrial use, as well as direct grid injection. 

Virtually carbon-neutral and lowers GHG emissions through methane capture

Virtually carbon-neutral and lowers GHG emissions through methane capture

Nearly chemically identical to, and can be used interchangeably with, conventional natural gas

Nearly chemically identical to, and can be used interchangeably with, conventional natural gas

Generates extra revenue for farmers and agri-food producers from waste products

Generates extra revenue for farmers and agri-food producers from waste products

Provides energy security through localised production and distribution

Provides energy security through localised production and distribution

Bio-CNG & Bio-LNG for transport
At CycleØ, we produce and deliver both Bio-CNG and Bio-LNG for vehicular applications.

Green fuel for cleaner and better transport

The transport industry is responsible for nearly one-third of Europe’s total greenhouse gas emissions. Biofuels like Bio-LNG and Bio-CNG are the most readily available solution to decarbonise this critical sector.

When compared to diesel, HGV and transport fleets using renewable natural gas benefit from:

A reduced carbon footprint of up to 90%
Nearly 3x greater action radius
Up to 200% better fuel economy
Up to 85% less particulate emissions
As much as 50% less engine noise

From gas to liquid to market – seamlessly

We produce Bio-LNG using small-scale, modular liquefaction plants. Biomethane gas produced from our upgrading facilities is injected into a connected liquefaction unit, where it’s cooled to approximately -150 degrees Celsius using nitrogen until it reaches a liquid state. Bio-LNG is stored in tanks and can be easily transported by specialized tanker trucks to any location. 

 RNG for Grid Injection

 RNG for Grid Injection

Solutions for RNG grid injection

The upgrading technology in our plants produces biomethane that’s 99% pure and suitable for direct injection into any grid that carries conventional natural gas. That means our facilities can be directly connected to any existing natural gas grid.

Virtual pipelines for off-grid applications

Our modular, skid-mounted plants are ideally suited for remote locations, where feedstock is easily accessible but connecting to a gas grid isn’t always possible. We partner with grid operators and provide virtual pipeline infrastructure and logistics to ensure the RNG we produce contributes to decarbonising the grid.

Partner with us to slow global warming - today
As an end-to-end biomethane provider, we build solutions with partners throughout the renewable natural gas value chain. 
Get in touch to learn how we can work together to slow global warming - now.

First name(Required) Last name(Required) Email(Required)

Phone Consent I have read and agree to the Privacy Policy

This website uses cookies to improve your experience.SettingsAcceptManage consent 

Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities.

	Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.	

	 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.	

 This website is like a Rocket, isn't it? Performance optimized by WP Rocket. Learn more: https://wp-rocket.me - Debug: cached@1711369772