Certifications&Accreditations|OncoDNA

GoogleAnalyticssnippetaddedbySiteKit

EndGoogleAnalyticssnippetaddedbySiteKit

 Google Tag Manager snippet added by Site Kit 

 End Google Tag Manager snippet added by Site Kit 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 

Solid Biopsy (OncoDEEP® Kit)Liquid Biopsy (OncoSELECT® Kit)Molecular Residual Disease (MRD)OncoCDI – Clinical Data Intelligence 

Clinical TestingPrecision enrollmentMRD for PharmaKnowledge-driven medicineClinical Data Intelligence (OncoCDI®) 

Solid Biopsy (OncoDEEP®)Liquid Biopsy (OncoSELECT®)Cancer Monitoring (OncoFOLLOW®)Molecular Residual Disease (MRD) 

About UsCertifications & AccreditationsTeamAwardsCareersIntegraGen subsidiary investors

OncoDNA: Quality environment for testing 

Testing activities from our subcontractor lab (and shareholder), IPG, are performed under ISO 15189:2012 (accredited lab since 06/2009). ISO 15189 is an international standard that specifies the quality and competence management system requirements particular to medical laboratories.​ 

OncoDNA’s laboratory in Evry is CLIA certified (Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act) and CAP accredited (College of American Pathologists) to reinforce its global clinical trial testing services.​ 

GCP – Good Clinical Practice ​

OncoDNA is compliant with the Guideline for Good Clinical Practices of the International Conference on Harmonization (ICH GCP E6 R2) for the services provided to its customers. OncoDNA has been audited several times over the years to demonstrate its compliance. 

OncoDNA has a certified Quality Management System in place based on the standard ISO 13485:2016 Quality Management Systems – Requirements for regulatory purposes, covering the design, the development and the servicing of our in vitro diagnostic products. 

GDPR - General Data Protection Regulation

Compliance to GDPR is a central preoccupation for OncoDNA and is supervized by our internal DPO. This compliance ensures greater patient and oncologist confidence in privacy, keeping data subjects’ personally identifiable information secure, improved data security and increased alignment with evolving technologies. 

OncoDNA is implementing ISO/IEC 27001:2022, after having successfully implemented the 2013 version of the norm in 2017. It will cover requirements for Information Security of our applications and Medical Device Software (MDSW). 

OncoDNA is a theranostic and genomic company with renown expertise in precision oncology and genetic diseases. 

OncoDNA S.A. (headquarters)Rue Louis Breguet 1BE-6041 Gosselies

+32 (0) 71 18 35 00 

	©OncoDNA 2024. All rights reserved. VAT:BE0501631837	

	Made by Créatonit   Sitemap 

 Consent Management powered by Complianz | GDPR/CCPA Cookie Consent https://wordpress.org/plugins/complianz-gdpr 

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes

Manage consent
 Start of Async HubSpot Analytics Code 

 End of Async HubSpot Analytics Code 

 This website is like a Rocket, isn't it? Performance optimized by WP Rocket. Learn more: https://wp-rocket.me - Debug: cached@1712114957