OncoDEEP®SolidBiopsyTestforPersonalizedCancerCare

GoogleAnalyticssnippetaddedbySiteKit

EndGoogleAnalyticssnippetaddedbySiteKit

GoogleTagManagersnippetaddedbySiteKit

EndGoogleTagManager snippet added by Site Kit 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 

Solid Biopsy (OncoDEEP® Kit)Liquid Biopsy (OncoSELECT® Kit)Molecular Residual Disease (MRD)OncoCDI – Clinical Data Intelligence 

Clinical TestingPrecision enrollmentMRD for PharmaKnowledge-driven medicineClinical Data Intelligence (OncoCDI®) 

Solid Biopsy (OncoDEEP®)Liquid Biopsy (OncoSELECT®)Cancer Monitoring (OncoFOLLOW®)Molecular Residual Disease (MRD) 

About UsCertifications & AccreditationsTeamAwardsCareersIntegraGen subsidiary investors

OncoDEEP® : Our comprehensive cancer biomarker test 

Turn deep insights into personalized cancer treatment strategies 

CANCER TYPE: Solid tumors, incl. CUP cancer

SAMPLE TYPE: FFPE tumor tissue

BIOMARKERS: 638 DNA, 20 RNA and cancer-specific proteins

GENOMIC SIGNATURES: HRD, MSI, TMB, LOH

TURNAROUND TIME: <2 weeks 

COMPREHENSIVE BIOMARKER TEST DESIGNED TO GUIDE ONCOLOGISTS IN THEIR TREATMENT OF SOLID TUMORS

When your patients are diagnosed with a rare cancer type, when chemotherapy doesn’t work or when cancer comes back, OncoDEEP can help you unlock the molecular insights that you need to plan your treatment strategies.

Compared to single-gene tests, is a comprehensive biomarker test that screens for a very wide range of cancer biomarkers in parallel. This 360-degree approach reduces the costs of testing and delivers faster results in the selection of appropriate cancer treatment options.

OncoDEEP is the most comprehensive biomarker test available on the market. The test targets cancer biomarkers carefully selected for their clinical relevance, and it offers a unique combination of analyses that proved to maximize the clinical benefits for cancer patients.

In one simple biomarker test and in less than two weeks, OncoDEEP can help you to: 

Identify the cancer treatment options that match your patient's tumor profile;

Reveal early indication of treatment resistance and spare nonresponders the toxicity of a treatment with no therapeutic benefit;

Consider appropriate oncology clinical trials that are currently recruiting;

Understand why chemotherapy stopped working.

Stage 3-4 solid tumors in adults
Glioblastoma in children
Cancer of unknown primary

Recurrence of cancer
Highly aggressive or rare cancer
Cancer of unknown primary

Choose your OncoDEEP formula : 3 versions available 

FeaturesTherapeutic predictionAt DNA and RNA level according to international guidelinesNGS panels638 genes DNA + 20 genes RNAGenomic signatures (MSI, TMB, HRD)IncludedTERT promotorIncludedMethylation (MGMT, MLH1)Not includedAdditional BiomarkersNot includedClinical UtilityTargeted therapyBased on NGSImmunotherapyBased on NGS (TMB & MSI)Hormone therapyBased on NGS (ESR1/AR genes & ARv7)Clinical trials (II & III)Based on NGSChemotherapyToxicity based in NGSSample RequisitionsSample typeBlock or if not possible 7 slides of 10 μm Non-Superfrost™ Plus

OncoDEEP 

FeaturesTherapeutic predictionAt DNA, RNA and protein level according to international guidelines and or scientific evidenceNGS panels638 genes DNA + 20 genes RNAGenomic signatures (MSI, TMB, HRD)IncludedTERT promotorIncludedMethylation (MGMT, MLH1)Included for specific cancer typesAdditional BiomarkersIncludedTumor-specific IHC Supported by clinical and/or scientific evidenceClinical UtilityTargeted therapyBased on NGS + IHCImmunotherapyBased on NGS (TMB & MSI) +Based on IHC : PD-L1, CD-8Hormone therapyBased on NGS (ESR1/AR genes & ARv7) + IHC markersClinical trials (II & III)Based on NGS + IHC markersChemotherapyToxicity based in NGSSample RequisitionsSample typeBlock or if not possible: 15 slides (7 slides of 10 μm Non-Superfrost™ Plus and 8 slides of 5 μm Superfrost™ Plus) excepted for Breast HR+ cancer : 20 slides (7 slides of 10 μm Non-Superfrost™ Plus and 13 slides Superfrost™ Plus) Block mandatory for CUP

Download our brochure to have list of genes and product specifications of the OncoDEEP 

Consent(Required) I agree to the privacy policy.

OncoDEEP: Turn deep insights into personalized treatment strategies

Precision medicine has changed the way cancer is treated. With OncoDEEP biomarker test, clinicians can obtain deep insights into a patient’s solid tumor and receive a report with all the appropriate cancer treatment options, such as chemotherapy, immunotherapy, targeted therapy, hormonal therapy, and oncology clinical trials. 

The role of fusion genes for cancer screening and therapy selection

With advances in precision medicine, there now exist therapies that target gene fusion in solid tumors. Unlike most common biomarkers, gene fusions are complex biomarkers that are visible at both DNA and RNA levels. Our Senior Scientist explains why it is so important to screen for fusion genes and what the methods available are. 

Discover the molecular profile of a tumour​Thanks to biomarker testing, it is now possible to examine the therapeutic vulnerabilities of a solid tumor. Running one single comprehensive biomarker test is often cheaper and faster than deploying multiple genomic cancer tests on small NGS cancer panel. It is also less likely to exhaust a tumor tissue biopsy. OncoDEEP uniquely combines IHC testing and NGS testing, targeting a large cancer panel of over 600 genes and cancer-specific biomarkers. It reveals patients' response to targeted therapy, immunotherapy, hormonal therapy, chemotherapy and oncology clinical trials - screening for cancer gene mutations in the DNA and RNA (BRCA mutation, KRAS mutation, EGFR mutations, etc), genomic signatures (tumor mutational burden, homologous recombination deficiency and microsatellite instability testing) and protein biomarkers.Obtain patient-specific clinical recommandations​OncoDEEP biomarker test comes with a clinical interpretation of the complex genomic and molecular data. The interpretation is supported by OncoDNA’s proprietary curated database that matches your patient’s tumor profile with relevant cancer treatment options. Our database is kept up to date with all the latest developments in cancer treatment. The final report will be made available in less than two weeks on OncoSHARE, our secure clinical decision support software. On OncoSHARE, you will be able to visualize your patient report, download it in PDF format, and discuss your patient case with other healthcare professionals through virtual meetings and tumor boards.Benefit from an individual support every step of the wayFrom the selection of the appropriate biomarker test to the collection of the tumor tissue sample and the interpretation of the clinical report, our teams are at hand to assist you every step of the way. You can request support at any time. Should you need assistance on whether biomarker testing is relevant for your patient, on how to order an OncoDEEP test, how to prepare the tumor tissue and ship the specimen, how to navigate through our clinical decision support platform, or how to read the final report with clinical recommendations, we are here to help!​ 

Carcinoma of Unknown Primary 

Carcinomas of unknown primary are a diagnostic and therapeutic challenge for oncologists. They account for 3%–5% of newly diagnosed advanced malignancies, with chemotherapy as standard of care. By definition, patients diagnosed with CUP cancer have metastatic disease, but the specific site of the primary cancer is unknown. Consequently, traditional treatment approaches, which rely on the site of origin being known, are often ineffective.

At OncoDNA, we can help identify the cancer type of your patients by running a set of IHC tests based on ESMO guidelines. The technology has proven successful, with oncologists observing treatment response and prolonged overall survival rates in their CUP cancer patients.

While biomarker testing does not always succeed in identifying the primary origin of a cancer, OncoDEEP comprehensive biomarker test can help you identify cancer treatment options likely to improve clinical outcomes, deliver the right treatment at the right time and avoid your patient the toxicity of an ineffective standard chemotherapy. 

	I think biomarker testing with broad NGS panel should be used more frequently at initial diagnosis. If we run such a test before the first-line treatment, we can map the entire treatment journey for a patient and choose the best options for the first and following lines of therapy. When patients lack treatment options, biomarker testing enables us to screen for options beyond standard treatments. Comprehensive biomarker testing covers not only molecular markers for targeted therapy but also predictive biomarkers for immunotherapy. 	

Dr ShapochkaMolecular Pathologist, Kiev, Ukraine 

	The challenge with cancer of unknown primary is to identify the best treatment for a patient. I found a solution in OncoDNA test. It tells me exactly which chemotherapy is best for my patients. Since I started using the biomarker test, a third of them have had a complete response. Actually, the overall cancer survival rate is the highest among all the stage 4 cancer patients that I treat. I absolutely recommend OncoDNA test to oncologists.	

Dr D'ErricoHospital Universitario Quirónsalud, Madrid 

	The amount of tumor tissue is very limited in some cancer types. Running one biomarker test after the other is a problem. The solution is to run all the biomarker tests together, thus combining NGS with IHC testing for protein expression and RNA expression.	

Prof ErAcıbadem University Medical Faculty, Istanbul 

	I think we have to move comprehensive biomarker testing at diagnosis in order to be able to map out the best treatment options for our cancer patients. We should not delay the test until the end. We are living a revolution in oncology. Precision medicine is the present and the future, and I recommend all oncologists to embrace it and use such biomarker tests.	

Dr FuscoLa Milagrosa Hospital, GenesisCare, Madrid 

What is comprehensive biomarker testing?

Comprehensive biomarker testing – also known as comprehensive genomic profiling or genomic cancer test or molecular diagnostic test – is a next-generation sequencing (NGS) approach that uses a single assay to detect relevant cancer biomarkers, alterations in genes that are known to drive cancer growth, as established in guidelines and clinical trials, for therapy guidance. OncoDEEP goes one step further by integrating tumor-specific biomarker analyses to maximize the clinical benefit for the patients.

Why combine DNA, RNA and protein analyses?

Combining different biomarker analyses is the key to maximize the clinical benefit for the patients. A study demonstrated the clinical utility of integrating DNA, RNA and proteins in one single biomarker test. The trial was led on 1,057 advanced cancer patients in 30 countries on 4 continents that had already experienced treatment failure(s).

Which assays does the OncoDEEP include?

The OncoDEEP comprehensive biomarker test combines NGS with IHC testing to screen for genomic alterations in the DNA and RNA (BRCA mutation, KRAS mutation, EGFR mutations, etc), genomic signatures (tumor mutational burden, homologous recombination deficiency and microsatellite instability testing) and protein biomarkers of response to targeted therapies, immunotherapy, hormonal therapy and chemotherapy. The technology is robust and accurate, and the genes of the panel were carefully selected based on their biological and therapeutical relevance.

Why is important to look at mutations at the RNA level?

Analyses of RNA genes enable the identification of gene fusion and unusual splicing variants that are present in solid tumors and that may predict a patient’s sensivitity to targeted therapy or homorne therapy. An example is the targeted therapy “larotrectinib”. A pan-cancer drug that targets abnormal TRK gene proteins in patients with NTRK fusion cancer.

Do you analyze RNA genes for all solid tumors?

The OncoDEEP panel includes 20 RNA genes (e.g. NTRK gene, FGFR gene, BRAF gene) that are associated with personalized medicines. Those personalized medicines can be a targeted therapy, a hormonal therapy, or an oncology clinical trial that is currently recruiting. We do not make any distinction between solid tumor types and we run RNA sequencing for all patient cases, be they diagnosed with a breast cancer, ovarian cancer, NSCLC, prostate cancer or a glioblastoma to name a few.

For which cancer types can I use OncoDEEP?

Comprehensive biomarker testing is recommended for adults with stage 3 cancer or stage 4 cancer with solid tumors – such as metastatic breast cancer, stage 4 lung cancer, stage 3 colon cancer, metastatic prostate cancer, stage 4 ovarian cancer – or for children with brain cancer. In case of cancer of unknown primary (CUP cancer), OncoDEEP can help decipher the primary origin of the tumor and guide clinicians towards approved therapies or drugs currently in development in oncology clinical trials.

When is the best time to use OncoDEEP?

OncoDEEP can be used at diagnosis or at disease progression to identify biomarker-matched targeted therapies or biomarker-stratified clinical trials. It can also provide physicians with extra therapeutic guidance when chemotherapy does not work; when new biomarkers are required for second-line treatment; when cancer comes back; or when patients are diagnosed with highly aggressive cancer or a rare cancer type like a cancer of unknow primary.

What are the specimen requirements for OncoDEEP?

OncoDEEP can be performed on tissue biopsy, fine needle biopsy​ or bone marrow aspirate.​ The quality of laboratory test results is highly dependent on proper specimen collection and handling procedures. Our teams can guide you through our sample preparation protocol in case of any questions. All histologic samples will be reviewed by a pathologist after reception at OncoDNA.

Is OncoDEEP accredited and certified?

The ISO 15189 (Medical laboratories-Requirements for quality and competence), CE-IVD (In vitro diagnostic devices complied to be sold in Europe), ISO 27001 (Information security management) and ISO 13485:2016 (Quality Management System) apply to our OncoDEEP comprehensive biomarker test.

How can I order an OncoDEEP biomarker test?

Ordering a solution is very simple: Just log in to OncoSHARE and select the biomarker test(s) you are interested in. If you do not have a kit for the collection of the FFPE tissue sample, we will send you one.

Are OncoDEEP biomarker tests available across the world?

You can order an OncoDEEP from anywhere in the world. In the United States, OncoDEEP can be used for academic projects only. The test cannot be used for molecular diagnostics yet.

How do I get the results of my OncoDEEP test?

After FFPE tissue sample processing and data interpretation, a comprehensive and interactive report will be made available for you on OncoSHARE, our secure clinical decision support software. It will help you select the most appropriate treatments based on the unique signature of your patient’s tumor. You will also be able to share the report with your colleagues.

How long does it take to receive the results from an OncoDEEP test?

It takes about 10 working days from the FFPE tissue sample quality control check to reporting on our clinical decision support system.

What is the price of an OncoDEEP biomarker test?

For information regarding the price of our OncoDEEP® biomarker test in your respective country, please contact our sales team.

OncoDNA is a theranostic and genomic company with renown expertise in precision oncology and genetic diseases. 

OncoDNA S.A. (headquarters)Rue Louis Breguet 1BE-6041 Gosselies

+32 (0) 71 18 35 00 

Support 

	©OncoDNA 2024. All rights reserved. VAT:BE0501631837	

	Made by Créatonit   Sitemap 

 Consent Management powered by Complianz | GDPR/CCPA Cookie Consent https://wordpress.org/plugins/complianz-gdpr 

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes

Manage consent
 Start of Async HubSpot Analytics Code 

 End of Async HubSpot Analytics Code 

 This website is like a Rocket, isn't it? Performance optimized by WP Rocket. Learn more: https://wp-rocket.me - Debug: cached@1712094398