Advancingpersonalizedcancertreatment:Webinar

GoogleAnalyticssnippetaddedbySiteKit

EndGoogleAnalyticssnippetaddedbySiteKit

Google Tag Manager snippet added by Site Kit 

 End Google Tag Manager snippet added by Site Kit 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 

Solid Biopsy (OncoDEEP® Kit)Liquid Biopsy (OncoSELECT® Kit)Molecular Residual Disease (MRD)OncoCDI – Clinical Data Intelligence 

Clinical TestingPrecision enrollmentMRD for PharmaKnowledge-driven medicineClinical Data Intelligence (OncoCDI®) 

Solid Biopsy (OncoDEEP®)Liquid Biopsy (OncoSELECT®)Cancer Monitoring (OncoFOLLOW®)Molecular Residual Disease (MRD) 

About UsCertifications & AccreditationsTeamAwardsCareersIntegraGen subsidiary investors

Advancing personalized cancer treatment: explore the synergy of Twist Bioscience and OncoDNA in our webinar 

Unlocking precision medicine through expert NGS panel design 

Tuesday, February 13, 20244:00 PM CEST 

By Dr. , , 

Join our webinar to discover revolutionary insights into personalised cancer treatment with OncoDEEP, learn more about advanced genomic signature identification, and see how leading German healthcare providers are implementing these innovations in clinical settings. Don’t miss this opportunity to transform your approach to cancer research and treatment!

!Please note that places are limited! 

5 reasons to attend this webinar 

A comprehensive overview of personalised cancer treatments: Gain valuable insights into how OncoDEEP can transform your approach to personalised cancer therapy.

Expert panel design for complex genomic signatures: Discover the methods used to identify complex genomic signatures such as HRD, TMB, MSI and LOH. Learn how these techniques are helping to advance cancer research and treatment.

Innovative technology in cancer research: Understand why Twist hybrid capture technology stands out in the field and how it improves test efficiency.

Validation and adoption in the real world: Learn about the practical application and validation of the test, and how it has been successfully adopted by one of Germany's largest healthcare providers. This real-world example will illustrate the impact and effectiveness of the test.

Maximising the value of NGS data in clinical settings: Explore strategies for fully exploiting your next-generation sequencing (NGS) data in clinical settings to improve both research and patient care.

Marcel Trautmann

Assistant Professor & Head Molecular Diagnostics and Research — Division of Translational Pathology, Gerhard-Domagk-Institute of Pathology, University Hospital Münster 

Koenraad Eycken

Chief Product Officer, OncoDNA 

Dr. James Flynn

Staff Product Manager, Twist Bioscience 

You may also be interested in these resources 

 Gridbuilder ᵂᴾ Plugin (https://wpgridbuilder.com) 

 Press Release
OncoDNA signs collaboration agreement with the European Cancer Patient Coalition on the 2020 personalised medicine awareness projectSep 24th

In the current context of economic and social inequalities in cancer care that exist in many European countries, the need to find the best possible solutions for cancer patients is critical. Technological developments have now...Read more → Case of the Month
February: 40-year-old male with a stage IV glioma cancer2 min readingFeb 20th

OncoDEEP® identifies rare mutations & personalizes treatment for a 40-year-old male with a stage IV glioma cancerRead more →

 Scientific Application Note
When is the optimal time for biomarker testing in the patient pathway?Feb 26th

The two key questions addressed by biomarker testing are (1) is there an approved therapy available, and (2) is there a clinical trial option. Currently, a quarter of patients with advanced cancer will potentially benefit from...Read more → 

OncoDNA is a theranostic and genomic company with renown expertise in precision oncology and genetic diseases. 

OncoDNA S.A. (headquarters)Rue Louis Breguet 1BE-6041 Gosselies

+32 (0) 71 18 35 00 

	©OncoDNA 2024. All rights reserved. VAT:BE0501631837	

	Made by Créatonit   Sitemap 

 Consent Management powered by Complianz | GDPR/CCPA Cookie Consent https://wordpress.org/plugins/complianz-gdpr 

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes

 Start of Async HubSpot Analytics Code 

 End of Async HubSpot Analytics Code 

 This website is like a Rocket, isn't it? Performance optimized by WP Rocket. Learn more: https://wp-rocket.me - Debug: cached@1712118775