LiquidBiopsyforHealthcareProviders

GoogleAnalyticssnippetaddedbySiteKit

EndGoogleAnalyticssnippetaddedbySiteKit

GoogleTagManagersnippetaddedbySiteKit

EndGoogle Tag Manager snippet added by Site Kit 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) snippet added by Site Kit 

Solutions

Solid Biopsy (Kit)Liquid Biopsy (OncoSELECT® Kit)Molecular Residual Disease (MRD)OncoCDI – Clinical Data Intelligence 

Clinical TestingPrecision enrollmentMRD for PharmaKnowledge-driven medicineClinical Data Intelligence (OncoCDI®) 

Solid Biopsy (OncoDEEP®)Liquid Biopsy (OncoSELECT®)Cancer Monitoring (OncoFOLLOW®)Molecular Residual Disease (MRD) 

About UsCertifications & AccreditationsTeamAwardsCareersIntegraGen subsidiary investors

Our pan-cancer biomarker test on liquid biopsy 

Liquid biopsy

2 blood samples 

Targeted Liquid Biopsy to Your Clinical Decisions

OncoSELECT is a fast and minimally invasive analysis of circulating tumor DNA from a blood sample for all advanced cancer patients.

When patients cannot have their tumor biopsied, when their tumor tissue sample is too old or too scarce for comprehensive biomarker testing, OncoSELECT is the perfect alternative to help in treatment strategies optimization and to support clinical decisions. It can be used as a tool to detect treatment resistance to targeted therapies and hormone therapies (before first line to assess the heterogeneity of the disease, or during/after treatment to check for acquired resistance mutations or to inform on the patient’s response to chemotherapy in neoadjuvant settings) as well as determine patient potential eligibility to clinical trials. 

SAMPLE TYPE: 

All types of stage III and IV solid tumors in adults 

58 genesSNVs, IndelsGene translocations, unusual splicingTERT promoter

MATERIAL: 

2 blood samples (2x10ml Streck tubes) 

The Added Value of ctDNA 

Identify sensitivity/resistance to therapy

OncoSELECT detects potential sensitivity or resistance to targeted therapies and hormone treatments by targeting 58 genes associated with treatment response (SNVs, indels, translocations and TERT promoter).

It is recommended for patients whose tissue sample is not available or is limited, when it is challenging or not possible to perform a solid biopsy, or if the tumor tissue sample is too old. 

	OncoDNA scientific team regularly publishes studies in peer-reviewed international journals. We have selected for you the key scientific publications that highlight the clinical impact of our biomarker tests.

	Combination of solid and liquid biopsy genomic profiling for tumor heterogeneity characterization	

	Tumor-biopsy stratification based on mTOR-pathway activity and functional mutations in the upstream genes PIK3CA and PTEN	

	The clinical impact of using complex molecular profiling strategies in routine oncology practice	

	The combined analysis of solid and liquid biopsies provides additional clinical information to improve patient care	

	J. of Cancer Metastasis and Treatment	

OncoDEEP® 

Comprehensive biomarker test to support clinical decisions

OncoDEEP® offers a unique combination of DNA, RNA and protein biomarker tests on solid biopsies. In less than two weeks, OncoDEEP is able to pinpoint the therapeutic vulnerabilities of an advanced, metastatic tumor and to recommend appropriate treatment options. The test screens for genomic alterations (DNA & RNA), genomic signatures (MSI, TMB, HRD) and protein biomarkers of response to targeted therapies, immunotherapies, hormone therapy and chemotherapy. 

Personalised liquid biopsy for patient monitoring

OncoFOLLOW is a test based on the analysis of circulating tumor DNA in blood. It is used to monitor the progression of the tumor (burden of the disease) and to detect lack of response or resistance to treatment as soon as it appears.

This assay is customised for each patient, as it analyses variants previously identified in the tumour of the patient.

In 2013, OncoDNA became the first company to launch a personalised liquid biopsy test. 

How can I order an OncoSELECT biomarker test?

Ordering a solution is very simple: Just log in to OncoSHARE and select the solution(s) you are interested in. If you do not have a kit for sample collection, we will send you one.

How do I get the results of an OncoSELECT biomarker test?

After sample processing and interpretation by our expert team, a comprehensive report will be available for you on OncoSHARE. In a simple and interactive manner, it will help you with the selection of the most appropriate treatments based on the unique signature of your patient’s tumour. Moreover, you will be able to share the report with your colleagues.

 What is the price of an OncoSELECT biomarker test?

For information regarding the price of our OncoSELECT biomarker test in your respective country, please contact our sales team.

Cannot find what you are looking for? ! Our Scientific Support Teams are available to answer all your questions from Monday to Friday. 

 us

OncoDNA is a theranostic and genomic company with renown expertise in precision oncology and genetic diseases. 

OncoDNA S.A. (headquarters)Rue Louis Breguet 1BE-6041 Gosselies

+32 (0) 71 18 35 00 

Support 

Contact

	©OncoDNA 2024. All rights reserved. VAT:BE0501631837	

	Made by Créatonit   Sitemap 

 Consent Management powered by Complianz | GDPR/CCPA Cookie Consent https://wordpress.org/plugins/complianz-gdpr 

To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes

Manage consent
 Start of Async HubSpot Analytics Code 

 End of Async HubSpot Analytics Code 

 This website is like a Rocket, isn't it? Performance optimized by WP Rocket. Learn more: https://wp-rocket.me - Debug: cached@1712110914