OtherCrops–Genera

DONOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot Word plugin v10.1.16

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

Press

Producer and Landowner Information

High biomass sorghum is an annual crop that has been derived from grain sorghum to maximize biomass yields. Plants can grow to 15’ in height, and stalk diameter will be comparable to corn. Yields for biomass sorghum will average around 7 dry tons per acre and the crop can be grown on lower quality ag land.

Planting and management of biomass sorghum can be accomplished using existing equipment (standard planters, sprayers, etc). At harvest, the sorghum will be cut with a mower-conditioner or self-propelled windrower and baled. Biomass sorghum is typically harvested in late July through September. While still containing a high moisture content when mowed, sorghum can be dried in the field to below 20% moisture content prior to baling.

Biomass sorghum may provide some great opportunities to add value to under-utilized pasture acres or low productivity cropland.
Biomass Sorghum Production GuideBiomass Sorghum Production Budget
Industrial Hemp and/or Kenaf

Long-fiber crops, like industrial hemp or its cousin kenaf, are important sources of non-wood fibers to our industry. These plants produce elongated fibers that are great for creating strength in fiber products like tissue, towel, and paper products. The knowledge-base on these crops has expanded significantly over the last few years, with more and more being produced around the US.

Genera is conducting agricultural production research and product development with these long-fiber crops.

Triticale is a hybrid of wheat and rye commonly used as a cover crop in our region. Triticale offers high yields in a short growing season, often reaching 3-4 dry tons per acre. It makes an excellent winter cover crop after a crop of soybeans or corn.

Close product quick view×

Want to make a positive impact? Take the next step with Genera products or land partnership.

I'm Interested In:(Required) Your Message:(Required)EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

All Content © 2023 Genera Inc. | info@generainc.com | Privacy Policy | Site Design by New Frame Creative

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript)