LigninCoproduct–Genera

DONOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot Word plugin v10.1.16

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

Press

Producer and Landowner Information

Genera’s fiber production process produces a lignin co-product, a light syrup consisting of approximately 40% solids, has significant potential for application in a variety of markets. Made up of lignin, sugars, and inorganics, the coproduct has been utilized for a variety of applications, including:

In animal feeds, similarly used products include lignosulfonates from wood pulp facilities and even molasses. However, unlike lignosulfonate, the co-product does not include any sulfur. In general, Genera’s coproduct can be used as a wet feed additive to increase palatability and some nutrients at a lower cost than many traditional products such as molasses. It can also be used as a pellet binder to help feed pellets better maintain structure, in addition to the added nutritional value.

For dust abatement and deicing applications, our coproduct blend offers better adhesion of products to surfaces and resistance to washing away, noncorrosive freezing point depression, surface tension reduction properties, biodegradability, and viscosity modification among others. Trials on road and aggregate dust abatement and deicing applications have proven very positive.

The coproduct can also be separated into building blocks for other chemicals and products, segregating the inorganics, sugars, and clean lignin. These separated streams are valued for a variety of downstream uses.

 sales@generainc.com for more information and data on our lignin coproduct.

Close product quick view×

Contact

Want to make a positive impact? Take the next step with Genera products or land partnership.

I'm Interested In:(Required) Your Message:(Required)CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

All Content © 2023 Genera Inc. | info@generainc.com | Privacy Policy | Site Design by New Frame Creative

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript)