–Page2–Genera

DONOTCOPYTHISSNIPPET!StartofPageAnalyticsTrackingfor HubSpot Word plugin v10.1.16

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

Press

Producer and Landowner Information

admin

	About admin 
	This author has not yet filled in any details.So far admin has created 121 blog entries.	

Article in John Deere’s The Furrow Features Genera’s Ag-based Business

 Genera is collaborating with local farmers to produce ag-based pulp and other products. 

Genera CEO named Top 100 Person in the Advanced Bioeconomy 2017

Genera's CEO, Kelly Tiller, has been named to Biofuels Digest's Top 100 People in the Advanced Bioeconomy. 

Experts on BioEnergy Gather to Discuss the Future of the Feedstock Supply Chain

Sam Jackson will present cutting-edge strategies for managing the biomass supply chain. 

40 Under 40: Sam Jackson Recognized

The Greater Knoxville Business Journal’s ’40 under 40′ honors 40 individuals younger than 40 years of age who are leaving an imprint on the Knoxville area through their professional and philanthropic efforts. 

UT and Genera Energy Harvest Hybrid Poplar

The harvest is part of a five-year $15 million multi-disciplinary research and development effort funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture to reduce barriers to the development of the Southeastern bioeconomy. 

PrecisionHawk Partners with Genera Energy

PrecisionHawk and Genera Energy have partnered to develop new analysis algorithms specific to improving the efficiency and quality of sustainable biomass crop production and distribution. The algorithms will convert raw aerial imagery collected by drones and satellites into an actionable report for biomass crop farmers. 

Genera Vice President to Speak at National Advanced Biofuels Conference

Sam Jackson, vice president of business development for Genera Energy, a recognized leader in biomass feedstock innovation and supply chain advancements, will be a featured speaker at the 2015 National Advanced Biofuels Conference October 26-28 in Omaha, Nebraska. 

State Energy Stakeholders Dedicate Energy Garden to Dr. David Millhorn

Standing amid more than a dozen types of biomass energy crops towering over a unique energy garden, a local research and education leader, Dr. David E. Millhorn, was honored for his contributions to building a renewable, bio-based economy in Tennessee. 

Genera Founder to Speak at Life Science Conference

Kelly Tiller, President and CEO of Genera Energy, will be a featured speaker during the 2015 Life Science Tennessee Annual Conference September 28-30 in Nashville. 

Genera Nominated for Biofuels Hot 40 List

Genera Energy Inc., a recognized leader in biomass feedstock innovation and supply chain advancements, has been nominated for the 2015 Biofuels Digest 40 Hottest Small Companies in the Advanced Bioeconomy list. An honor previously bestowed to Genera in 2014, the rankings are to be determined by weighted votes from an invited panel of selectors, and [...] 

Close product quick view×

Want to make a positive impact? Take the next step with Genera products or land partnership.

I'm Interested In:(Required) Your Message:(Required)CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

All Content © 2023 Genera Inc. | info@generainc.com | Privacy Policy | Site Design by New Frame Creative

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript)