GeneraHonoredat54thAnnualConservation Achievement Awards – Genera

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot Word plugin v10.1.16

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

Press

Producer and Landowner Information

Genera Honored at 54th Annual Conservation Achievement Awards

Genera Honored at 54th Annual Conservation Achievement AwardsSam Jackson2021-03-01T02:30:37+00:00

Genera Honored at 54th Annual Conservation Achievement Awards

Genera Honored at 54th Annual Conservation Achievement Awards

Local company honored by Tennessee Wildlife Federation for Conservation by Business

Nashville, Tenn. (May 10, 2019) – The Tennessee Wildlife Federation, one of the largest and oldest nonprofits dedicated to the conservation of Tennessee’s wildlife and natural resources, recently hosted its 54th Annual Conservation Achievement Awards. The ceremony was held in Nashville and presented 17 awards to recipients from all corners of the state.

Vonore-based Genera Energy Inc. was the statewide honoree for Conservation by Business. Genera is an agriculturally-focused company that partners with regional farmers to produce agricultural fiber-based compostable products such as foodservice wares, paper towel and tissues, and other packaging materials. Genera’s desire to create sustainable biomass solutions is spurring agricultural innovations that significantly help conservation efforts in Tennessee by encouraging sustainable farming practices that also preserve wildlife habitat and restores land across the state. Genera has partnered with farmers throughout the region, including those in Anderson, Blount, Bradley, Loudon, McMinn, Meigs, Monroe, Polk, Rhea, and Roane Counties. Additionally, the company has worked across the United States with a variety of partners on agriculturally-based biomass and products.

“The diverse group of award winners today, including Genera, serves as a reminder that successful conservation will always depend on a diverse and collaborative effort,” said Michael Butler, CEO of the Federation. “Our honorees have conducted important field work, secured crucial support, educated the next generation, and so much more.”

Kelly Tiller, Genera’s President and CEO said, “Genera is honored to be recognized by the Federation for our work. Our company is focused on working with farmers to sustainably produce products that are useful to our local, regional, and national communities. From the farm to our finished products, we work hard to ensure that we contribute positively to the regional agricultural community, soil and water health, and wildlife habitat.”

“The Federation was founded by people with varying interests, backgrounds and viewpoints. In much the same way, we bring together and celebrate each year a mix of people, organizations, and disciplines. Businesses like Genera are critical in sustaining Tennessee,” said Kendall McCarter, CDO of the Federation.

The event was sponsored by Bridgestone, BDY Natural Sciences Consultants, and the National Wildlife Federation. Other honorees of the 54th Annual Conservation Achievement Awards included Conservationist of the Year Dr. Shari Meghreblian, Deputy Commissioner of the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation; Conservation Legislator of the Year Congressman David Kustoff of Tennessee’s 8th Congressional District; Land Conservationist of the Year Ralph Knoll of The Conservation Fund; Youth Conservationist of the Year Cash Daniels of Chattanooga, TN and 12 other individuals from across Tennessee.

Photo Caption: Ric Wolbrecht (right), Chairman of the Federation’s Board of Directors, presented the award to Genera’s Sam Jackson (center) and Clay Dye (left) on May 10, 2019.

About Genera Energy, Inc. 

Genera is focused on sustainable utilization of agricultural materials for products that benefit rural communities and consumers. Genera’s core expertise is the development, production, and supply of agricultural feedstocks to feed its own manufacturing facility, producing high quality agricultural fibers and compostable products. The company uses a variety of agricultural feedstocks through a sustainable and efficient process to extract valuable fiber and other components. These clean fibers are then used to manufacture products like towel, tissue, packaging board, and molded fiber foodservice products. Genera will produce non-wood market fiber and molded fiber products at a new manufacturing facility in Vonore, TN. For more information, visit http://www.generaenergy.com.

Close product quick view×

Want to make a positive impact? Take the next step with Genera products or land partnership.

I'm Interested In:(Required) Your Message:(Required)PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

All Content © 2023 Genera Inc. | info@generainc.com | Privacy Policy | Site Design by New Frame Creative

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript)