Generaannounceskeypersonneladditions– Genera

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot Word plugin v10.1.16

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

Press

Producer and Landowner Information

Genera announces key personnel additions

Genera announces key personnel additionsSam Jackson2021-03-01T02:05:19+00:00

Genera announces key personnel additions

Genera announces key personnel additions

New professional hires help manufacturer of ag-based pulp and sustainable molded fiber products prepare for full commercial production later this year

VONORE, Tenn. – July 28, 2020 – Genera, a manufacturer of domestically sourced and produced ag-based pulp and molded fiber products, announces four recent management hires as the company prepares for the launch of full commercial production later this year.

The fully operational facility will process agricultural crops, such as switchgrass and biomass sorghum, grown by regional farmers into ag-based fiber and the Earthable® line of sustainable food-grade packaging. The facility, which will be the largest fully integrated domestic solution for ag-based fiber and food packaging in North America, is expected to bring 120 new jobs to the area.

The new additions to Genera’s management team include:

R&D Engineer Shau-Gan Chang: Chang will serve as Genera’s Research and Development Engineer. In this position, he will develop, conduct and manage research and development activities and serve as interface for the company with equipment suppliers and contractors. Chang has 29 years of industry experience in the United States, China and Indonesia and comes to Genera after service as Global Pulp Technology Department, China Region Manager for Asia Pulp and Paper.
Product Manager Andrew Harrison: Harrison will serve as Genera’s Product Manager. In this role, he will oversee customer and product development, pipeline management, sales and contract management. Harrison has spent the last decade in the foodservice packaging industry and most recently worked at Genpak, where he filled multiple roles including Fiber Product Manager.
Quality Assurance Manager Jamie Lee: Lee will serve as Genera’s Quality Assurance Manager. In this position, Lee will manage quality assurance and analysis at Genera’s agricultural fiber and foodservice production facility. Lee has more than 17 years of experience in food-related manufacturing quality assurance, in both manufacturing and regulatory environments. He most recently served as a food and dairy inspector with the Tennessee Department of Agriculture.
Supply Chain Manager Stephani Leslie: Leslie will serve as Genera’s Supply Chain Manager. She will oversee Genera’s entire supply chain, from customer requirements to inventory and storage of raw materials, while maintaining safety and quality control. Leslie most recently served as senior production control and supply management specialist at Denso.

“Filling these four key positions is an important step toward getting our cutting-edge facility online,” said Kelly Tiller, Genera’s CEO. “The exceptional team we’re building has experience and a passion for innovation, and we’re all excited about getting Genera’s advanced solutions for the paper and packaging industries to the market and providing new opportunities for East Tennessee farmers.”

For more information about Genera, visit https://generainc.com.

About Genera
Genera, a Tennessee-based ag fiber manufacturer, works to simplify supply chains with domestically sourced and produced ag-based pulp and molded fiber products. Partnering with local farmers, Genera provides a sustainable farm-to-finished product solution for a wide array of applications including compostable food service tableware, to-go containers, packaging, paper, tissue and more. To learn more about Genera, please visit https://generainc.com

Close product quick view×

Want to make a positive impact? Take the next step with Genera products or land partnership.

I'm Interested In:(Required) Your Message:(Required)EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

All Content © 2023 Genera Inc. | info@generainc.com | Privacy Policy | Site Design by New Frame Creative

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript)