DONOTCOPYTHISSNIPPET!StartofPageAnalyticsTrackingforHubSpotWord plugin v10.1.16

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

Press

Producer and Landowner Information

	About admin 
	This author has not yet filled in any details.So far admin has created 121 blog entries.	

Biofuels Digest recognizes Genera in list of 50 Hottest Companies in the Advanced Bioeconomy for 2020

 Genera, an East Tennessee-based company that manufactures domestically sourced and produced ag-based pulp and molded fiber products, has been named to the international 50 Hottest Companies in the Advanced Bioeconomy list in Biofuels Digest, the most widely read bioeconomy daily in the world. The annual list is compiled based on votes from a panel [...] 

Meet the Team: Sam Jackson

Working as a startup requires a dedicated team that is committed to a central goal. Without our amazing team, we would not be where we are today! We want you to get to know the people that make this company move! Get to Know Sam Jackson! Job : Vice President, Business Development How Long Have [...] 

Genera in the News: Molded Fiber is Shaping the Future

Genera Inc. COO Keith Brazell was recently published in Reusable Packaging News. Here is an excerpt of his article.  Across all industries, consumers and B2B buyers are paying closer attention to where their products and packaging come from. Movements like Farm to Table and Shop Local have taken hold, but they’re no longer restricted to [...] 

Meet the Team: Angela Heaverlo

Working as a startup requires a dedicated team that is committed to a central goal. Without our amazing team, we would not be where we are today! We want you to get to know the people that make this company move! Get to Know Angela Heaverlo! How long have you been with Genera and what [...] 

Genera’s Behind-the-Scenes Event

 Thursday November 21, 2019 6 p.m 200 Industrial Drive, Vonore, TN 37885 Directions to our Facility: 200 Industrial Drive, Vonore, TN 37885 If you are using Google Maps, the GPS will take you past our facility. Please see the map on the right for the specific location in [...] 

Meet the Team: Julie Anderson

Working as a startup requires a dedicated team that is committed to a central goal. Without our amazing team, we would not be where we are today! We want you to get to know the people that make this company move! Get to Know Julie Anderson! How long have you been with Genera and what [...] 

Genera Names Feedstock Manager for Sustainable Agricultural Fiber Production Facility

Brad Valentine selected to manage supply chain for Genera's Earthable® line of sustainable packaging and fiber products 

Genera Selects W.G. Yates & Sons Construction Company as EPC Firm

Tennessee-based company awards Yates with an exclusive contract to construct their first manufacturing facility 

Genera Honored at 54th Annual Conservation Achievement Awards

Vonore-based Genera Energy Inc. was the statewide honoree for Conservation by Business. 

Genera Continues Farmer Recruitment

 Genera is launching a new business line that will manufacture disposable food service and packaging products from sustainable ag fibers in Vonore, made from locally grown biomass crops. Genera will be making a variety of ag-based paper products like plates, bowls, and take-out containers in Vonore, and we’ll also sell our processed fibers to customers who [...] 

Close product quick view×

Title

Farmer

Want to make a positive impact? Take the next step with Genera products or land partnership.

I'm Interested In:(Required) Your Message:(Required)PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

All Content © 2023 Genera Inc. | info@generainc.com | Privacy Policy | Site Design by New Frame Creative

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript)