GeneraNamesDeanWalkerNewEnvironmental Health & Safety Manager – Genera

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot Word plugin v10.1.16

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

Press

Producer and Landowner Information

Genera Names Dean Walker New Environmental Health & Safety Manager

Genera Names Dean Walker New Environmental Health & Safety ManagerSam Jackson2021-03-01T02:31:30+00:00

Genera Names Dean Walker New Environmental Health & Safety Manager

Genera Names Dean Walker New Environmental Health & Safety Manager 

Agricultural fiber products manufacturer selects Walker to lead all environmental health and safety activities

VONORE, Tenn. – Oct. 15, 2019 – Genera, a Tennessee-based company manufacturing domestically sourced and produced ag-based pulp and molded fiber products, has named Dean Walker as its new Environmental Health and Safety Manager.

Walker’s responsibilities will include establishing and coordinating safety, health and environmental programs for all site contractors and personnel. He will also be developing critical policies and procedures and conducting training sessions across the organization on environmental regulations and health and safety best practices.

“If the correct health and safety procedures aren’t in place for a rapidly growing company, risks become greater and workforce development can be hindered,” Walker said. “Genera is quickly advancing toward full operational capacity, and I look forward to working closely with this world-class leadership team to develop a next-level Environmental Health and Safety Department that will serve the entire company.”

In his previous roles, Walker has served as both a safety specialist and safety coordinator. He holds several key accreditations, certifications, and a degree in Environmental, Health, and Safety.

“Dean’s experience extends beyond training and management,” said Keith Brazzell, Genera’s Chief Operating Officer. “He is clearly passionate about ensuring the well-being of a workforce. The health and safety of our employees and their active participation in the program is critical to our success.  Dean brings the skills that we need as we continue to grow.”

The company recently secured a $118 million investment to produce its Earthable® line of sustainable agricultural fiber products at a new manufacturing facility in Vonore, Tennessee. Genera’s fiber production facility is scheduled to start delivering the new line of sustainable agricultural fiber products to the marketplace in 2020. Early next year, Genera will begin hiring 80 new skilled and maintenance jobs at the facility.

Genera, a Tennessee-based agricultural fiber product manufacturer, works to simplify supply chains with domestically sourced and produced ag-based pulp and molded fiber products. Partnering with local farmers, Genera provides a sustainable farm-to-finished product solution for a wide array of applications including compostable food service tableware, to-go containers, packaging, paper, tissue and more. To learn more about Genera, please visit https://generainc.com.

Close product quick view×

Want to make a positive impact? Take the next step with Genera products or land partnership.

I'm Interested In:(Required) Your Message:(Required)CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

All Content © 2023 Genera Inc. | info@generainc.com | Privacy Policy | Site Design by New Frame Creative

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript)