Patienthealthandindependence-|SHLMedical

InOneSEOPack 3.6.2ob_start_detected [-1,-1] 

In One SEO Pack 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

SHL at a glance 

- Patient Health and Independence 

- 

Sustainability 

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Ecological Footprint
Patient Health and Independence

All

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Responsible Business Practices
Ecological Footprint
Patient Health and Independence

All

 <a href="javascript:;" class="_menu"><svg class="icon icon-search"><use xlink:href="#icon-search"></use></svg></a> 

Search

 <a class="language_zh" target="_blank" href="http://zh.shl.group/">中文</a> 

 Breadcrumb NavXT 6.3.0 
Home / Sustainability / Patient Health and Independence 

We are driving patient health and independence 

Making a difference in people’s lives

For three decades, SHL has been a pioneer and leader in the drug delivery industry, driving innovation in autoinjectors and device development. Yet, at our core, lies our purpose of enabling patients’ independence. 

We are drinving patient health and independence 

Making a difference in people’s lives

For three decades, SHL has been a pioneer and leader in the drug delivery industry, driving innovation in autoinjectors and device development. Yet, at our core, lies our purpose of enabling patients’ independence. 

we will expand our portfolio by innovative and pioneering devices to improve patient outcomes and independence. 

Our winning combinations are delivered across global markets and into the hands of patients for use in a wide range of therapeutic areas. 

For three decades, SHL has been a pioneer and leader in the drug delivery industry, driving innovation in autoinjectors and device development. Yet, at our core, lies our purpose of enabling patients’ independence.

It is the core of our business to build innovative, safe and reliable products to advance patients’ health, wellbeing, and independence, with a resolute ambition to further enhance patient outcomes through pioneering devices by 2030. 

PATIENTS ENABLED TO BE INDEPENDENT 

We expand the reach of our pioneering products to improve patients’ and healthcare systems’ outcomes. 

As innovation leader we bring the most innovative products and services to advance patient health and wellbeing. To manifest our position, we continuously aim for sustainable growth through our research and development efforts, all while consistently expanding and enhancing our portfolio. 

	Prioritizing patient health and fostering innovation	

Our autoinjector solutions play a vital role in empowering patients, promoting self-reliance, and alleviating the burden on healthcare providers by freeing up valuable time for doctors and nurses, thereby contributing to the overall resilience of our healthcare system. We are continuously working towards bringing our innovative technologies to new therapeutic areas and markets to expand our positive impact for patients and support healthcare professionals, all within the framework of sustainability. 

	Achieving low-carbon-emission medical devices	

In the Sustainability Issue of ONdrug Delivery magazine, SHL Medical’s ESG Project Manager discusses the development of single-use autoinjectors in the context of SHL’s sustainable design principles and decarbonization goals.

	Strengthening a global manufacturing network through advanced simulation technologies	

In the Pre-filled Syringes and Injection Devices Issue of ONdrug Delivery Magazine, published ahead of the 2023 PDA Universe of Pre-filled Syringes and Injection Devices Conference, SHL Medical’s Edwin Hendrawan, Yi-Chi Lu, and Christian Walter detail how simulation technologies have been crucial in continuously strengthening the company’s global manufacturing operations and expansion plans.

	Upsizing autoinjectors for new treatments to enable patient independence	

In the latest issue of Pharmaceutical Manufacturing and Packing Sourcer, SHL Medical’s Gary Calderwood explores how autoinjector innovations may offer newfound independence for patients requiring higher subcutaneous (SC) injection doses.

WE ARE REDUCING THE ECOLOGICAL FOOTPRINT 

	By 2030, we will significantly reduce GHG emissions, introducing circular principles and reduce

WE ARE ENSURING RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICES​ 

By 2030, we will manifest a sustainable businessfoundation for our people andsupply chain. 

Supplier Code of Conduct

search

Your browser is out-of-date!

Update your browser to view this website correctly. Update