-DrugDelivery|SHLMedical

InOneSEOPack3.6.2ob_start_detected [-1,-1] 

In One SEO Pack 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

SHL at a glance 

- Patient Health and Independence 

- 

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Ecological Footprint
Patient Health and Independence

All

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Capabilities
Solutions

Responsible Business Practices
Ecological Footprint
Patient Health and Independence

All

 <a href="javascript:;" class="_menu"><svg class="icon icon-search"><use xlink:href="#icon-search"></use></svg></a> 

Search

 <a class="language_zh" target="_blank" href="http://zh.shl.group/">中文</a> 

 Breadcrumb NavXT 6.3.0 
Home / Products & Services / Drug Delivery Solutions / Capabilities 

SHL is a renowned, high-volume, high-quality manufacturer of drug delivery devices. We have developed in-house manufacturing capabilities to maintain better quality control and supervision over our materials and processes. This results in rapid response times in development as well as consistent quality in production, both on high-volume and/or low-volume/high-value projects. 

To provide optimal manufacturing capacity for our customers, SHL has expanded its production facilities exponentially in Taiwan, where top pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and other industry experts from around the world frequently conduct audits. 

SHL is a renowned, high-volume, high-quality manufacturer of drug delivery devices. We have developed in-house manufacturing capabilities to maintain better quality control and supervision over our materials and processes. 

This results in rapid response times in development as well as consistent quality in production, both on high-volume and/or low-volume/high-value projects. 

To provide optimal manufacturing capacity for our customers, SHL has expanded its production facilities exponentially in Taiwan, where top pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and other industry experts from around the world frequently conduct audits.

Tooling
State-of-the-art production equipment and processes
Multi-cavity hot runner technology
Extensive tool design and manufacturing experience 

SHL’s comprehensive in-house tooling program guarantees the delivery of precise, reliable, and efficient production. 
We follow detailed production plans and strict quality measures to ensure the timely delivery of high-performance plastic injection molds. We invest in top quality equipment and best-in-class machining technologies to ensure the optimal efficacy and highest quality manufacturing. 

Multi-component molding
Fully-automated material handling system 

Our wide selection of molding machines are equipped with high tonnage capabilities and advanced robotic technologies. We utilize state-of-the-art equipment and related software, and use the latest machining technologies to manufacture high-precision multi-cavity hot runner molds. All our machines are connected to fully computerized material handling systems to ensure the quality and specifications of the molded parts meet our high standards. 
Automation
Semi- and fully-automatic testing/assembly machines
Integrated robotic systems
Comprehensive servicing and maintenance support 

SHL designs, develops, and manufactures advanced testing and sophisticated assembly automation equipment that are fully compliant with international standards. Developed to ensure precise, consistent, and repea processes, our automation program helps customers increase output, reduce labor costs, and minimize potential component contamination. 

Robust manufacturing processes
Flexible ramp up capabilities 

SHL work closely with our customers to develop assembly solutions that best suit our partners’ needs. We provide semi- and fully automatic high-speed assembly services using machines designed and custom-built by our in-house automation experts. This allows us to meet our customer’s forecasts as well as their requests for scalability, repeatability, and process control. 
Metrology
Fully programmed metrology instruments
Automated measurement activities
Functional, environmental, and reliability verifications

SHL has set up multiple metrology laboratories equipped with high-performance measurement machines and state-of-the-art computed tomography (CT) scanners to conduct precise inspection of components and equipment. The instruments are fully programmed and automated to ensure all activities are accurate, repeatable, and reproducible. 

CNC Machining
Advanced computer numerical control machinery
Quality manufacturing for high volume output
Carefully designed standard operating procedures

Read More

SHL invests in advanced, multifunctional CNC equipment to ensure maximum quality at high-volume outputs. Our manufacturing sites are capable of working on projects with high degrees of complexity. To safeguard the efficiency and quality of our services, our highly skilled professionals follow detailed standard operating procedures to maintain superior services focused on meeting customer demands.

search

table

Your browser is out-of-date!

Update your browser to view this website correctly. Update