Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Varjo: Most Advanced XR and VR for , Sales, and Marketing

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. .

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research
Retail

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

XR and VR for Retail, Sales, and Marketing

Varjo’s mixed and virtual reality solutions open up exciting new use cases for sales, marketing, and retail. 

Read and discover how forward-thinking businesses achieve better results with solutions from XR and VR for retail.

Learn more

“Through virtual reality we would like to get closer to our customers. We believe it will create a new form of relationship.”

– Miho Takagi, Managing Director at Muji Finland

“This is the perfect tool to show prospective customers the fine details and finishes of their own customized product.”

– David Varela, Sr. Industry Manager, RT3D Digital Twin for Manufacturing, Unity

“An outstanding VR headset with exceptional visual quality and true colors.”

– Jan Simon, KeyVR Lead at Luxion

More impactful marketing and sales ROI with Varjo headsets

Improve revenue and profit through more effective marketing and sales experiences and reduce the need for physical inventory using immersive sales configurators.
Research and create more efficient and attention-grabbing store layouts and product packaging through eye tracking and realistic, lifesize digital twins of products or even entire stores.
Create unforgettable experiences with immersive demos in-store and at fairs and events.

Sales configurators improve profitability and upsell and reduce inventory needs.

Inventory is one of the biggest costs for any retailer store. This is even more true for companies selling high-priced, large products such as cars. Most of the time, it is simply impossible to carry every available product and product variant at any given store. As seeing is believing, this makes it harder for customers to find the best alternative and for salespeople to upsell more expensive variants. 

Interactive sales configurators can go a long way in solving this problem. Using lifesize, lifelike digital twins of products allows you to realistically show all possible product variants and customization options to a prospective customer, giving them a realistic sense of product proportions. This unlocks much better upsell opportunities, helps customers find exactly what they want and thus improves satisfaction, while simultaneously reducing the need for physical inventory. 

Case study: Arksen Yachts 

With multiple hands on deck, boatbuilder Arksen converted a digital showcase of their 85′ explorer yacht into a virtual reality experience – creating a new kind of sales configurator experience.

Develop more effective store layouts

Designing retail spaces is a complex endeavor. Traditional 2D presentations fall short when it comes to conveying store concepts accurately e.g. due to the inability to visualize spatial dimensions, while building physical store prototypes is slow and expensive. 

Shifting retail space design more extensively into digital models in virtual or mixed reality solves these issues and reduces cost by several dozen percent. 

In addition, eye tracking can be used to objectively measure where a potential shoppers gaze falls, proving what kind of layouts and promotions are the most attention-grabbing for example. 

Design more eye-catching products and packaging

Product and package design are incredibly crucial activities for brands across product categories such as consumer packaged goods (CPG), electronics, and fashion. Although product design is done digitally, it is still mostly constrained to 2D screens and depends on producing multiple variants of physical prototypes at different stages of the process. This limits remote collaboration and slows down iterations. 

For example, many fashion brands already have 3D digital twins of their products, but they are not utilizing this data in a 3D environment where they could be displayed in real-life scale and detail. 

Using mixed and virtual reality headsets, these 3D models can effectively be used for many applications such as remote designer collaboration, reducing the need for physical mockups, and testing how eye catching a product or packaging is through eye-tracking.

Create unforgettable in-store and event experiences 

You don’t always need to be strictly product centric. Immersive demos can create unforgettable customer experiences in-store and at events.

Japanese retail company MUJI harnessed virtual reality to achieve a deeper connection with their in-store customers, and the Varjo Aero enables crystal-clear communication of their core values.

Red Bull opened up an immersive museum exhibition in Lucerne, Switzerland, utilizing Varjo’s world-leading XR technology.

Read our latest blog posts & case studies on using VR/AR in retail, sales, and marketing

Case Framery: Real Time Iterative Digital Twin Prototyping

How Varjo and Autodesk VRED Are Pushing the Boundaries of Virtual Car Design

 On Demand | Varjo XR-3 and VR-3: A Look Into the Highest-Performance Virtual and Mixed Reality

Webinar

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.