Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
How to get started with VR: What do I need? – Varjo.com

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

 Learning Hub: Home
VR Terminology Explained Virtual Reality

Immersive/Spatial Computing
VR, AR, XR – Which technology to choose?
What’s the difference between standalone, wireless and tethered VR headsets?

Technical Features and Capabilities Base Stations
Controllers
Degrees of freedom in VR/XR
Eye Tracker
Field of View in VR

Getting started with VR/XR How to get started with VR: What do I need?
How to create VR/XR content
Using existing VR/XR content
What kind of content can I view in VR? Can I view video content? 
Where does the content come from? How to create it?
Why do I need such a powerful computer to use VR?
Capturing VR or XR experiences

How to get started with VR: What do I need?

Looking to get started with virtual or mixed reality? With a few key pieces of hardware, you’ll be off to experiencing a world of endless opportunities in no time.

Head-mounted device
First, you’ll need a head-mounted device (HMD). These are typically wired via cables and tethered to a PC to enable high-fidelity graphics to be shown inside the device. The headset is worn on your head and over your eyes. This allows the HMD to output an application or scene to immerse the end user.
Compatible PC hardware
Next, you’ll want to use a PC that can run your application. This can either be a laptop or a desktop PC. While many variables can affect your system performance, the two main components are the physical connections and hardware available on the PC. You’ll want to ensure you have enough ports to plug the HMD into the PC successfully. You’ll also want to have a compatible graphics card and processor. The higher the graphics card and processor power, the smoother your application will run. A list of system requirements to run a Varjo HMD can be found here.
Controllers
You’ll also need a pair of controllers to interact with most applications. Controllers will allow you to interact with certain objects within the application. Depending on the HMD, controllers may not be required as certain devices have hand-tracking capabilities. This will enable you to extend and use your hands to interact with objects. To determine if you can leverage hand-tracking technology, you’ll want to ensure the application you’re running supports it.
Positional tracking system
For HMDs connected to a desktop PC, a tracking system is required for your play area. Various tracking systems are available, but the most common are SteamVR base stations. These small boxes are mounted and positioned in the corners of the room or play area. The base stations’ purpose is to track the precise movements of the HMD and the controllers. Depending on the size of the play area, anywhere from 1-5 base stations may be needed. For base stations to properly track the HMD, they must have a visible line of sight to each other. An example of how base stations should be set up can be found here.
Secure play area
Lastly, before putting on an HMD, you’ll need to identify a play area. A play area is typically a dedicated 10’x10′ squared-off space where you’ll wear the headset. You want to ensure that within this play area, there are no hazards that the person wearing the HMD can run into. If you do not have a 10’x10′ playing area, make sure that you have enough space to put on the HMD and that you can achieve a full range of motion with your arms without obstruction.

Once you have all of the above set up, you’ll have everything you need to start your journey.

An example setup for SteamVR base stations in a VR room.

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.