Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
 - The industry’s highest resolution mixed reality headset | Varjo

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

 Your browser does not support the video tag.

Varjo XR-3, the first true mixed reality headset.

Varjo XR-3 delivers the most immersive mixed reality experience ever constructed, featuring photorealistic visual fidelity across the widest field of view of any XR headset. And with depth awareness, real and virtual elements blend together naturally.

Unmatched mixed reality performance.

Varjo XR-3

Photorealistic, true-to-life mixed reality powered by low-latency, 12-megapixel video pass-through.
The industry’s highest resolution (over 70 ppd) and the widest field of view (115°).
The widest-ever color gamut matches 99% with sRGB and 93% with DCI-P3 color space for the most realistic scenes ever produced.
Depth awareness powered by LiDAR for pixel-perfect real-time occlusion and 3D world reconstruction.
Integrated Ultraleap hand tracking and integrated 200 Hz eye tracking for natural interactions.
Inside-out tracking (beta), offering flexibility for deployments without the need for base stations.

Watch our demo made with Unity, showing realistic reflections, shadows and lights for a true-to-life mixed reality experience.

Welcome to the only photorealistic mixed reality.

The world’s only human-eye resolution (over 70 PPD) mixed reality headset with the widest field of view (115 degrees) guarantees the most naturally immersive mixed reality experience ever constructed.

With precise and individually calibrated colors for unmatched realism, the Varjo XR-3 sets a new industry standard for visual fidelity across realities.

Change reality as you know it.

Varjo’s mixed reality technology uses video pass-through that is vastly superior to the standard optical see-through systems used in other augmented reality headsets – making Varjo XR-3 the only device where virtual objects look real instead of appearing as holographic augmentations.

With ultra-low latency (< 20 ms) and a high-fidelity 12-megapixel video stream, you can explore true-to-life virtual visualizations as natural extensions of the real world. You can also effortlessly switch between XR, AR, and VR.

 This image simulates what you see when you look through an optical see-through device compared to Varjo's video pass-through based mixed reality. Varjo XR-3 image rendered with Autodesk VRED.

Compatible with the 3D applications you already use.

Varjo’s XR/VR headsets are compatible with a fast-growing number of professional 3D platforms and software, including Unity, Unreal Engine, OpenXR 1.0, Autodesk VRED, PREPAR3D, and VBS Blue IG among others.

See all supported software

Industry-first LiDAR for mixed reality.

Varjo XR-3 depth awareness combines the LiDAR sensor and stereo RGB video feed to set a new benchmark for hand, object and people occlusion – pixel-perfectly blending real and virtual elements. And with real-time 3D room reconstructions, you can easily build realistic immersive environments of your surroundings.

Use hands naturally and intuitively with Ultraleap, the world’s most advanced hand tracking. It captures all the complexities of your natural hand movements to precisely replicate real-life interactions with either virtual or real contents.

And with Varjo’s built-in eye tracking at 200 Hz powering foveated rendering, the headset shows what the user is directly looking at in full resolution. Similar to how the human eye works. You can also utilize the eye tracking data for sophisticated training analysis or research purposes.

Perform in total comfort with the most advanced ergonomic design.

Varjo XR-3 is designed with a 3-point precision fit headband to enable maximum comfort for all head shapes and sizes, even during longer immersive sessions. Automatic IPD, active cooling, frame rate, and our ultra-wide, crystal clear non-Fresnel lenses ensure that you can work comfortably without any eye strain or simulator sickness. With hygienic, easy-to-clean materials, the headset is suitable for multi-user setups. You can also use the Varjo XR-3 comfortably with glasses.

Highest-level security and privacy.

Varjo XR-3 can be deployed even in the highest-security environments, as we support information assurance procedures and requirements. There are no automatic or forced downloads, no personal data is collected, and we don’t transmit any data away from the devices. You also have the option to remove the RF transmitter used by the controllers when operating in a secure setting.

In case your organization would like to use Varjo XR-3 without access to the internet, we also offer an offline version of the . Please contact our Varjo sales experts for more information.

Industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.

“Varjo’s new full frame Bionic Display, with its wide and natural field of view and its mind opening human-eye resolution, is the perfect key for our extensive design work in XR.”

– Gregory Guillaume, Vice President of Design at Kia Motors Europe

“With Varjo’s latest headsets, we see a potential to take high-fidelity simulation training to a new level of realism, immersion and emotional engagement – almost allowing the learners to forget they are wearing a headset.

– Ingrid Laerdal, Vice President of Patient Care at Laerdal

“Varjo XR-3 is another huge step forward for military training and simulation. From AR to VR, the Varjo XR-3 offers a complete spectrum of mixed reality tools.”

– Pete Morrison, CCO, Bohemia Interactive Simulations

See all customer testimonials

 Technical Specifications of Varjo XR-3

What’s in the box:

Varjo XR-3 mixed reality headset
2 headset adapters 
2 power supply units
6 power plugs, 2 of each

Full Frame Bionic Display with human-eye resolution.
Focus area (27° x 27°) at 70 PPD uOLED, 1920 x 1920 px per eye
Peripheral area at over 30 PPD LCD, 2880 x 2720 px per eye
Colors: 99% sRGB, 93% DCI-P3

90 Hz

Ultra-low latency, dual 12-megapixel video pass-through at 90 Hz

LiDAR + RGB fusion, 40 cm–5 m operating range

3-point precision fit headband
Replaceable, easy-to-clean polyurethane face cushions
Automatic interpupillary distance adjustment 59-71mm

594 g + headband 386g

Width 200 mm, height 170 mm, length 300 mm

Two headset adapters in-box
Two USB-C cables (5 m) in-box
PC Connections: 2 x DisplayPort and 2 x USB-A 3.0+

SteamVR™ 2.0 (recommended) or 1.0 tracking system
Varjo inside-out tracking (beta) utilizing RGB video pass-through cameras

200 Hz with sub-degree accuracy; 1-dot calibration for foveated rendering

3.5mm audio jack with microphone support

What else you need to get started with Varjo XR-3

Varjo Subscription

Varjo Subscription is your organization’s key to benefitting from our continuous software improvements and premium business services, accompanying all Varjo XR-3 headset purchases.

For Varjo XR-3, a minimum 1-year Varjo Subscription is required, with pricing starting at €1495.

Varjo XR-3 is compatible with a broad range of Windows 10 & 11 desktop computers. Find our recommended models or check if your current PC is already Varjo-ready:

Varjo XR-3 comes with our proprietary inside-out tracking (beta). 

In case you want to use SteamVR™ tracking, you need 2.0 base stations.

Buy from Varjo webstore

Varjo XR-3 now available at reduced rate

We have few XR-3 headsets left in our stock. Contact our team to get yours at a discounted price.

Want to learn more about the highest-performance XR?

Download the Varjo product book to get detailed Varjo XR-3 tech specs directly to your inbox.

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.