Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Connecting XR-1 Developer Edition – Varjo.com

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for / owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

 Get started Varjo headsets XR-4

XR-1 Developer Edition, VR-2 Pro, VR-2, and VR-1

Setting up your headset XR-4
XR-3
VR-3
Varjo Aero
XR-1 Developer Edition
VR-2 Pro, VR-2, and VR-1

Setting up tracking Varjo inside-out tracking

Varjo services Varjo Account Commercial account

Varjo Reality Cloud Varjo Reality Cloud subscription
System requirements

Varjo XR and VR subscriptions Getting a seat in a subscription

Get to know your headset Using the headset
Using Varjo Controllers
Fitting the headset XR-4
XR-3, VR-3, and Varjo Aero
XR-1 Developer Edition, VR-2 Pro, VR-2, and VR-1

Getting the perfect image quality

Get to know Varjo Reality Cloud
Develop for Varjo Developer support

FAQ & Troubleshooting
Downloads Release notes Release notes for Varjo Base
Release notes for Varjo Reality Cloud for Windows
Release notes for Varjo Reality Cloud for iOS

Connecting XR-1 Developer Edition

Get started by installing Varjo Base and connecting your headset.

You will need a commercial Varjo Account to download Varjo Base. Create an account now.

Start Varjo Base and follow the setup steps

Varjo Base will help you set up your headset. You can also follow along the setup steps on this page.

When you start Varjo Base for the first time, we will run a system check to confirm that your computer is compatible with the headset. See System requirements for more information.

You can follow along with the video below or go through the list of setup steps to connect your headset.

1. Start Varjo Base

Varjo Base is the software needed to run your headset on a Windows computer. Download Varjo Base to get started.

You will need a commerical Varjo Account to download Varjo Base. If you don’t have an account yet, you can create an account now.

2. Log in with your Varjo Account

In Varjo Base, log in with your Varjo Account to start setup.

Note that while you can skip the login at this point and proceed with setup, you will need to log in to update Varjo Base.

3. Select your headset model

When you start Varjo Base for the first time, it will automatically open the first-time user guide to help you through the setup process. You can open the guide at any time in the Support tab under Run setup.

Select your headset model to view detailed instructions on how to connect your headset.

See the cabling options in more detail.
4. Connect your headset

Note: When connecting for the first time, Windows will recognize the headset as a new USB device and install the appropriate drivers.

A. Desktop computers with two full-size DisplayPort ports

DisplayPort cables (4 and 5): Use the full-size DisplayPort cables provided in the box. If your computer has both an integrated and a dedicated graphics card, make sure to use the ports on your dedicated graphics card.

XR camera cable (XR): Make sure to use a Thunderbolt™ 3 port on your motherboard with a lightning symbol.

B. Laptops with two Mini DisplayPort and one Thunderbolt™ 3 port

DisplayPort cables (4 and 5): Depending on your laptop, you can use either the DisplayPort or Mini DisplayPort cables provided in the box.

XR camera cable (XR): Make sure to use a Thunderbolt™ 3 port with a lightning symbol.

C. Laptops with two Thunderbolt™ 3 ports and one USB-C port

Please note that this cabling option may introduce a small loss in performance.

DisplayPort cable (4): You can use an additional DisplayPort to USB-C cable. This cable is not included in the box. Use a cable, not an adapter, to connect to your laptop.

The other DisplayPort cable (5) is not needed.

Red optical cable (6): Connect directly to your laptop. Make sure to use a Thunderbolt™ 3 port with a lightning symbol.

XR camera cable (XR): Make sure to use a Thunderbolt™ 3 port with a lightning symbol.

5. Approve the Thunderbolt™ device connection 

Important: Windows will ask for your permission to connect XR-1 Developer Edition with your computer. You will need administrator privileges.

Follow the steps below to approve the connection from a Windows notification (3A), or manually (3B).

Please refer to the FAQ section if you are unable to approve the Thunderbolt™ device connection.

5A. Approving the connection from the Windows notification

1. After connecting the headset to your computer, a “New Thunderbolt™ devices” notification will appear. Press OK.

2. Press Yes in the dialogue box that opens next.

3. Choose Always Connect and press OK.

5B. Manually approving the connection

If the Windows notification does not appear automatically, you can manually approve the connection .

1. Click on the Thunderbolt™ Software icon in the Windows notification area. Alternatively, you can search for “Thunderbolt™ Software” with the Windows Search tool.

2. In the dialogue box that appears, select the Varjo, XR module. Press Not connected in the Device Information.

3. Press Yes in the dialogue box that opens next.

4. Choose Always Connect and press OK.

6. Install headset configuration bundle

To experience the best possible image quality, download and install the headset configuration bundle for your headset.

If you haven’t yet installed the configuration bundle, a notification will appear in the status area in Varjo Base with instructions for downloading it. Alternatively, you can navigate to the Support tab in Varjo Base and follow the instructions under Software updates.

For offline installation, download the headset configuration bundle on another computer and copy the installation files locally to your computer.

7. Enable OpenVR and OpenXR runtime

Varjo Base will attempt to automatically enable the OpenXR and OpenVR runtimes for Varjo headsets. If you have previously used an OpenXR- or OpenVR-compatible headset on this computer, you may be prompted to enable the runtimes manually.

Enable the runtimes if you want to run OpenXR and OpenVR applications, such as SteamVR apps.

8.  Optional: Connect your headphones

For applications that include sounds or voice input, you can plug your headphones into the headset.

Headphones with a standard 3.5mm audio jack are compatible with Varjo headsets. Read more about compatible headphones.

If necessary, see instructions on how to select the correct audio output and input source on your Windows computer.

Continue setup by selecting a tracking method for your headset. The Varjo XR-1 Developer Edition headset supports the following tracking systems:

SteamVR™ Tracking uses up to four SteamVR™ base stations to track your headset and optional controllers.
Third-party tracking methods can also be integrated with Varjo headsets.

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.