Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
FORCE Technology & Varjo Bring VR Training to Maritime Industry

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

FORCE Technology and Varjo Bring Game-Changing VR/XR Training to the Maritime Industry

March 18, 2024 – Helsinki, Finland / Copenhagen, Denmark – FORCE Technology, a leader in simulation-based maritime technology, engineering and training, and Varjo, the global technology leader in industrial-grade virtual and mixed reality hardware and software, have signed a strategic frame agreement. The partnership positions FORCE Technology as Varjo’s integrator partner, focusing on delivering advanced VR and XR training solutions to maritime customers worldwide.

The collaboration aims to launch a compact, highly portable, immersive training solution that can be transported and deployed anywhere. This solution represents a leap forward in maritime training accessibility and efficiency, significantly cutting down on the cost and logistical challenges associated with traditional maritime training methods.

Effective, Accessible, and Cost Reduced Training

The collaboration brings together FORCE Technology’s deep-rooted experience in maritime simulations and Varjo’s innovative mixed reality technology. The result is a training solution that not only cuts costs by a huge margin compared to traditional simulators but also boosts the quality of training with realistic immersive scenarios.

“We’re excited to take maritime training to the next level. The unparalleled visuals of the new Varjo XR-4 Series headsets, combined with our software and simulation know-how, will make this VR/XR solution a game-changer, offering flexibility and cost-savings the industry hasn’t seen before. Our aim is to bring effective training closer to the point of need, from classrooms to onboard ships,” says Capt. Jan Michelsen, FORCE Technology’s Simulation, Ports, Training and Human Factors Director.

Meeting the Needs in the Maritime Industry

The global maritime industry is currently facing a shortage of skilled seafarers, and there’s a pressing need for training solutions that are not just effective but also scalable and easy to deploy. FORCE Technology and Varjo’s immersive training solutions address these challenges head-on, making it easier for companies to train their crews efficiently and affordably.

“Our partnership with FORCE Technology is a big step towards the future of maritime training, making high-quality simulators more efficient and accessible. FORCE Technology’s immersive simulator will break down the old barriers for training, offering a more engaging and realistic simulation experience that brings about significant operational benefits for the industry,” says Seppo Aaltonen, Chief Commercial Officer at Varjo.

Stelios Koukouvios, Maritime Strategy & Growth, Simulation, Ports, Training & Human Factor
Phone: +45 43 25 07 00

FORCE Technology is a technology consultancy and service company which strives to create positive technological change and make the world more sustainable and safer. 

Since 1940, we have helped companies through major technological transformations: From rivets to welding. From oil adventure to wind turbines. From analogue to digital. And we still contribute to defining the technological future. Each year, thousands of customers entrust us with their products, materials, structures, largest potentials or worst challenges since we create security and value based on impartiality, confidentiality and knowledge.

We meet the customers through on-site inspections, measurement, and data collection. We make our comprehensive and unique infrastructure of facilities and laboratories for testing, calibration and analysis available to them. And we provide them with products, components, and sensor systems as well as specialist consultancy services and training.

Varjo (pronounced var-yo) makes revolutionary VR/XR hardware and software that together allow you to see and experience virtual and augmented content just as clearly as you see the analog world around us. Our virtual and mixed reality headsets take you to another level of performance and emotional immersion – recreating the exact feeling and conditions of real life, allowing you to perform better and learn faster. www.varjo.com

Read more about immersive training

Operating Drones in Mixed Reality: How Inzpire Leverages Varjo for Next-Gen UAV Training

Mixed Reality in JTAC Training: A New Dimension in Defence Preparedness

How Wärtsilä Revolutionizes Maritime Training with Varjo’s XR Technology

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.