Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Highest resolution virtual reality - Varjo VR-3 - VR Headset | | Varjo

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

 Your browser does not support the video tag.

High-resolution VR headset for professionals - Varjo VR-3

Varjo VR-3 sets a new standard for virtual reality headsets with the industry’s highest resolution across the widest field of view. 

By powering true-to-life virtual reality experiences, Varjo VR-3 enables a deeper level of focus in your daily workflow.

Explore the all new XR-4 series

Unmatched virtual reality performance

The industry’s highest resolution (over 70 ppd) and the widest field of view (115 degrees)
The world’s fastest, most accurate integrated eye tracker at 200 Hz and built-in Ultraleap hand tracking to precisely capture natural hand movements
Total comfort with a 3-point precision fit headband to enable longer VR sessions
Automatic IPD, frame rate and custom lenses reduce eye strain and simulator sickness
Broad compatibility with the professional 3D software you already use

Our full frame Bionic Display features the industry’s highest resolution across the widest field of view (115 degrees). With a resolution of over 70 pixels per degree in the center of the field of view, you can see and read the smallest of details in virtual reality with perfect clarity. And with a color accuracy that matches 99% with the sRGB color space, everything looks exactly as it does in the real world.

 By delivering the world’s only VR with human-eye resolution, Varjo allows professionals to create and interact with true-to-life VR prototypes.

High resolution VR headset with built-in eye and hand tracking

Varjo VR-3 is designed to enable professional-grade performance at the highest level. It features integrated Ultraleap hand tracking to perfectly capture your hand movements for highly intuitive interactions.

Plus there’s built-in eye tracking at 200 Hz powering foveated rendering to show what you directly look at with high-detail accuracy – just like the human eye.

Stay immersed in total comfort, thanks to the most advanced ergonomic design

Varjo VR-3 fits all head shapes and sizes with a 3-point precision fit headband and an active cooling system to enable longer, more immersive sessions. The custom-made, ultra-wide non-Fresnel lenses, automatic interpupillary distance adjustment, combined with a 90 Hz frame rate, makes everything sharp and smooth for all users – reducing eye strain and simulator sickness. It’s the most comfortable VR experience you can have.

Compatible with the 3D software you already use

Varjo VR-3 can be used with a broad range of professional 3D software, including Unity, Unreal Engine, Autodesk VRED, PREPAR3D and SteamVR™ content.

 supported software

Industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo

Varjo VR-3 takes you to another level of performance and emotional immersion – a completely natural experience that recreates the exact feeling and conditions of real life. With Varjo VR-3, you’re deeply focused and fully in the moment to see more clearly, perform better and learn faster.

“Varjo’s new full frame Bionic Display, with its wide and natural field of view and its mind opening human-eye resolution, is the perfect key for our extensive design work in XR.”

– Gregory Guillaume, Vice President of Design at Kia Motors Europe

“With Varjo’s latest headsets, we see a potential to take high-fidelity simulation training to a new level of realism, immersion and emotional engagement – almost allowing the learners to forget they are wearing a headset.”

– Ingrid Laerdal, Vice President of Patient Care at Laerdal

“The exact feeling and conditions of real-life, mission-critical training exercises.”

– Connie Miller, Product Specialist, Boeing

 Technical Specifications of Varjo VR-3

What’s in the box

Varjo VR-3 virtual reality headset 
2 headset adapters, 2 power supply units
6 x 2 power plugs: Euro, UK, US, Australia, Korea and China

Full Frame Bionic Display with human-eye resolution.
Focus area (27° x 27°) at 70 PPD uOLED, 1920 x 1920 px per eye
Peripheral area at over 30 PPD LCD, 2880 x 2720 px per eye
Colors: 99% sRGB, 93% DCI-P3

90 Hz

3-point precision fit headband
Replaceable, easy-to-clean polyurethane face cushions
Automatic interpupillary distance adjustment 59–71mm

558g + headband 386g

Width 200 mm, height 170 mm, length 300 mm

Two headset adapters in-box
Two USB-C cables (5 m) in-box
PC Connections: 2 x DisplayPort and 2 x USB-A 3.0+

SteamVR 2.0 (recommended) or 1.0 tracking system

200 Hz with sub-degree accuracy; 1-dot calibration for foveated rendering

3.5mm audio jack with microphone support

See what else you need to get started with the Varjo VR-3:

Varjo Subscription is your organization’s key to benefit from our continuous software improvements and premium business services, accompanying all headset purchases. Subscription for Varjo VR-3 starts at €795.

Varjo VR-3 is compatible with a broad range of Windows 10 and 11 computers. Find our recommended models here or see if your computer is already Varjo-ready.

See all

For positional tracking of the Varjo VR-3 headset, you need SteamVR 2.0 base stations. 

Transform how you work with Varjo VR-3 - Now available at reduced rate

We have few Varjo VR-3 headsets left. Contact our team today to get your at discounted rate. 

Get detailed Varjo product info directly to your inbox

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.