Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Get Varjo-Ready – Best , Hardware & Content for Varjo Headsets

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Software

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Get ready for maximum performance in VR/XR.

Need help getting started with your XR or VR program? Varjo devices are compatible with a broad range of hardware, accessories, and 3D software.

We also have several content studio partners that can help create the right content for your needs. Find everything you need to get Varjo-ready here.

Varjo headsets are tethered devices, and they are compatible with a broad range of Windows 10 and 11 computers. Find our recommended models here.

Ready to step into the new reality? Varjo headsets offer complete compatibility with a broad range of software such as Unity™, Unreal Engine™, OpenXR 1.0, and a broad range of professional 3D software for VR and XR, including Autodesk VRED™, Lockheed Martin Prepar3d™, VBS BlueIG™, and FlightSafety Vital™. Varjo also supports SteamVR™ applications.

In addition, any software is easily ported into Varjo via OpenXR or Varjo native SDK.

Can’t build everything in-house? Do you need to find a VR/AR/XR content studio partner to work on your immersive project using Varjo products and services? We have several studio partners who work with our customers across the globe.

Find a studio partner

Need additional face cushions, cables, adapters, base stations or more? Find our accessories here.

Varjo face cushions are easily cleaned after use and provide a hygienic experience with multiple headset users. One-sized face cushion accommodates different head shapes and provides more space between eyeglasses and the headset lenses.

Extend the operating range of your Varjo XR-3 or VR-3 headset with the 10-metre (32.5 ft) USB C-type active optical cable.

SteamVR™ 2.0 base stations track the exact location of your headset.

Still not sure where to start?

Our sales team is happy to help you figure the right setup for your needs. Get in touch and let’s talk!

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.