Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
The world's best VR company on a mission to change computing for good.

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

When we’re done, computers will look nothing like they do right now.

Varjo’s industrial-grade virtual and mixed reality solutions are transforming the way you train, create and learn to make high performance a natural part of any immersive workflow.

A world leader in professional-grade VR and XR

Varjo was founded in 2016 by experienced product leaders and innovators with a background in developing high-end technology and innovations at Nokia, Microsoft, and NVIDIA. Varjo founders had a vision of seamlessly merging the virtual and real worlds with human-eye resolution virtual and mixed reality.

Today, Varjo is a supergroup made up of 200+ professionals with the passion, skills and vision to do things most people think are impossible. We focus on delivering the world’s most advanced VR/XR technology to demanding industries such as automotive, aerospace, training and simulation, engineering, research, and more.

Find our team on LinkedInFollow us on Instagram

Lifeline Ventures, EQT Ventures, Atomico, Volvo Cars Tech Fund, Foxconn, among others

Redefining reality across industries

Our technology is used on a daily basis by demanding professionals to train pilots and astronauts, study complex medical conditions such as Alzheimer’s, design new products, and much more. Over 25% of Fortune 100 companies, as well as 16/20 of the world’s biggest defense companies and 17/20 automotive companies already employ Varjo devices and software solutions.

To help companies on their journey towards immersive computing, we develop the world’s most advanced software and service solutions to support best-in-class hardware, such as Varjo Reality Cloud. We also work closely with our technology partners including NVIDIA, Lenovo, Unreal Engine, Unity, Autodesk, and many more, in order to support the tools and technologies that are critical to our customers. 

True-to-life visual fidelity for virtual and mixed reality

Varjo headsets bring virtual, augmented, and mixed reality to life in photorealistic visual quality. With Varjo, your 3D model, project, or simulation reaches never-before-seen clarity. Every detail, texture, and contour is just as clear as in the real world. You can read the tiniest text, see objects far off in the distance and more – all in industry-leading resolution.

Whether you’re working on complex training and simulation, an architectural or 3D design model, CAD files, or more, everything appears just as it should: clearly.

Want to join the world’s best VR company?

Our devices and software help demanding professionals build, design, and sell things in ways never seen before. We want to help people achieve the impossible by merging virtual and traditional reality. Why not join us?

Latest press releases from Varjo.

Varjo Releases New XR-4 Series to Deliver Mixed Reality Experiences Indistinguishable from Natural Sight

Varjo is the first company to introduce gaze-directed, high-resolution autofocus cameras in mixed reality with the XR-4 Series; At $3990,...

Varjo Joins Forces with BAE Systems in Project OdySSEy, Showcasing the Future of Military Training

Varjo Joins Forces with BAE Systems in Project OdySSEy, Showcasing the Future of Military Training Helsinki, Finland / London, United...

Varjo Selected as the Headset Technology Provider for Mixed Reality Military Training Project

Varjo Selected as the Headset Technology Provider for Mixed Reality Military Training Project Varjo will provide head-mounted display (HMD) technology...

Assistive Neurotechnology Takes Flight at TED2023 with OpenBCI and Varjo’s Virtual Reality

OpenBCI is a company creating open-source tools for biosensing and neuroscience. Their mission is to lower the barrier to entry...

See why Varjo is making headlines, get high resolution images taken through the Varjo headset, read our press releases, request an interview and more. It’s all here.

Meet us and test what the world's best VR company has to offer

Apr 3 - Apr 4 - Stuttgart

The XR EXPO is the B2B exhibition fair for Virtual Reality (VR), Mixed Reality (MR) and Augmented Reality (AR), or in short: eXtended Reality (XR). The focus is on XR technologies and professional applications of VR, MR and AR in industry, architecture, health, trade and crafts.

Showcasing Varjo: Schenker Technologies

Apr 9 - Apr 11 - London

The International Training Technology Exhibition and Conference is Europe’s largest dedicated event for Defence training. 

Varjo is exhibiting in booth B30 with many other partners showcasing Varjo, including: EDMS, Dogfight Boss, Inzpire, Ryan Aerospace, Multisim, BAE Systems, Accenture, University of Turku, Pitch Technologies

Advanced Factories Expo & Industry 4.0 Congress

Apr 9 - Apr 11 - Barcelona

Advanced Factories is the annual meeting of industry leaders where the latest solutions on industrial automation systems, robotics, industrial software, artificial intelligence, artificial vision and virtual simulation solutions, Big Data, IoT, cybersecurity, Industrial Cloud Computing, Machine Learning and all technologies 4.0 associated with digital manufacturing are showcased. Showcasing Varjo: Symmetri Technology

Apr 10 - Apr 12 - Laval

Laval Virtual, the leading event dedicated to immersive technologies (virtual reality, augmented reality, spatial computing…) bringing together Europe’s XR community since 1999. Showcasing Varjo: Immersion, ST Engineering Antycip, Matts Digital, Myxed 

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.