Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Varjo: Most Advanced Virtual & Augmented Reality (VR & AR) for Design

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M 

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Create true-to-life virtual designs.

Varjo immerses you in the most natural mixed and virtual reality environments ever experienced. 

Design teams around the world can come together in a photorealistic virtual space to leverage digital twin technology or showcase new concepts with true-to-life accuracy – discussing and iterating in real time. It’s a new era of unlimited creative potential that accelerates human imagination like never before.

Revolutionary benefits for your business

Bring your creations to life – visualize, iterate and modify 3D designs quickly with the highest visual fidelity on the market
Reduce dependency on physical models and in-person design reviews with digital twin technology and photorealistic virtual prototyping, saving hundreds of thousands of dollars in costs
Conduct global design reviews remotely in hours, reducing weeks from travel time
Increase productivity with lighter, comfortable devices that can be used in multi-hour sessions
Build more immersive experiences with a completely natural blending of real and virtual objects

Crystal-clear vision for design in VR, AR and XR

When it comes to decision-making, details really matter. Observing the full design feels completely natural with Varjo headsets.

Varjo XR-4 series are the best headsets available for design professionals, allowing them to create perfect 3D visualizations in stunning detail with a massive 120-degree field of view. Cars and other large objects created with digital twin technology fit perfectly in the frame while textures, reflections, colors, and text are rendered with absolute clarity. And with the widest color gamut, color accuracy is now 1:1 with the real world.

Enjoy the industry-leading resolution of the XR-4 series (51 PPD) and the edge-to-edge clarity of Aero at 35 PPD, while the advanced ergonomics and active cooling ensure you can stay immersed for hours on end.

Perfect blending of real and virtual elements, leveraging mixed reality and digital twin technology together.

Varjo’s video pass-through mixed reality allows you to blend photorealistic virtual and real elements, which is completely unlike the translucent and ghostlike visuals of optical see-through solutions. Leverage mixed reality to blend real elements together with your virtual models created using digital twin technology.

Varjo XR-4 series also comes with depth awareness, enabling building hand, object and people occlusions. This combination allows a totally new level of realism to replicate the most realistic lighting, reflections and shadows ever experienced. All in real time.

Design in VR, AR or XR becomes second nature.

Enjoy comfortable multi-hour sessions, thanks to our advanced ergonomics and zero-gravity head band. Varjo headsets also come with ultra-wide, custom-made aspheric lenses, active cooling and automatically corrected inter-pupillary distance (IPD) to reduce eye strain and simulator sickness. Every digital twin technology generated image is smooth and instantly brought into focus for a natural work environment that becomes second nature for the team.

With the advanced depth awareness in Varjo XR-4 series, powered by LiDAR and multiple sensors, you can create 3D reconstructions and blend together real and virtual contents seamlessly.

Industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo for VR/AR/XR design and engineering

“With the XR-4, we’re steadily moving towards a future where virtual and physical prototyping converge. Varjo, a company within the Volvo Cars Tech Fund portfolio, has always been class-leading when it comes to resolution. Now, with an expanded field of view and enhanced optics, they deliver an unsurpassed immersive experience.”

– Jeremy Offer, Global Head of Design at Volvo Cars

“Revolutionizing how design and creative work is being done by unlocking unlimited creative potential for virtual prototyping.”

– Lukas Fäth, Senior Product Manager at Autodesk

“Varjo Aero is an outstanding VR headset with exceptional visual quality and true colors. It works out of the box with KeyVR, providing a crystal-clear VR experience for designers and virtual collaborators.”

– Jan Simon, KeyVR Lead at Luxion

Accelerate your design work in VR and AR with Varjo by using the tools you already know

Varjo’s mixed and virtual reality headsets are fully compatible with a rapidly expanding collection of the most widely used digital twin technology and other 3D platforms and software, including Unity, Unreal Engine, Autodesk VRED, and OpenXR 1.0 standard.

See all Varjo ready software

Transform how you create, in any reality

Meet the Varjo XR-4 series

Varjo XR-4 series supports the highest resolution across the widest field of view of any mixed reality headset. And our video pass-through depth awareness is another industry-first – perfectly blending real and virtual elements with true-to-life accuracy.

Explore Varjo XR-4 series

Read latest insights on using VR/XR for design and engineering

Case Framery: Real Time Iterative Digital Twin Prototyping

 on Demand: The Future Has Arrived – Varjo Reality Cloud Launch Event

Webinar

Case Phiaro: Meet the World’s Most Versatile, Drivable Concept Car

Automotive

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.