Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Talk to Sales – Learn More About Varjo's Human Eye Resolution VR/XR

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Learn More About Mixed Reality Experiences 

Our headsets were made for superlative immersion and realism in professional mixed reality. Get in touch and our product experts will help you figure out the best way to use Varjo’s industry-leading technology to unlock business benefits and create new immersive experiences.

Get in touch with our experts to learn how Varjo can benefit your organization

Human-eye resolution, revolutionary full-dome optics, enhanced depth awareness, and inside-out tracking. Get hands-on with superlative immersion. The Varjo XR-4 Series is now available and shipping worldwide to companies of all sizes. No subscription required. Note that the accompanying software is still in beta.

Fill in your details below to learn more about the next generation of professional mixed reality.

Not an organization/business customer?
Visit our webstore for individual customers for purchase information..

Leading the advancement of professional XR and VR

Investment into immersive technologies (VR, AR, and XR) is growing over 50% year-over-year so the time to start is now! Every day, Varjo devices are used to speed up design workflows, cut prototyping costs, improve training efficacy and efficiency, gain deeper insights into human research, and much more – all in a photorealistic immersive environment.

Mixed Reality is a combination of the best of both virtual and augmented reality. XR enables seamless mixing of virtual and real elements and objects in a way never seen before. Varjo’s video pass-through technology is vastly superior to the standard optical see-through systems used in other augmented reality headsets – making Varjo XR-3 the only device where virtual objects look real instead of appearing as holographic augmentations.

Ready to see your own virtual content in human-eye resolution? Looking to virtualize your workflows and operations? Working to improve force safety and readiness? Discover why your peers and competitors are already leveraging Varjo’s professional XR and VR technologies today.

Tell us more about your project in the form above. We can’t wait to hear from you.

Get in touch today

Want more details on Varjo headsets? Download our product book.

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.