Thissite is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
 – Varjo.com

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for / owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions Headsets Varjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
EventsWant to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

 Get started Varjo headsets XR-4

XR-1 Developer Edition, VR-2 Pro, VR-2, and VR-1

Setting up your headset XR-4
XR-3
VR-3
Varjo Aero
XR-1 Developer Edition
VR-2 Pro, VR-2, and VR-1

Setting up tracking Varjo inside-out tracking

Varjo services Varjo Account Commercial account

Varjo Reality Cloud Varjo Reality Cloud subscription
System requirements

Varjo XR and VR subscriptions Getting a seat in a subscription

Get to know your headset Using the headset
Using Varjo Controllers
Fitting the headset XR-4
XR-3, VR-3, and Varjo Aero
XR-1 Developer Edition, VR-2 Pro, VR-2, and VR-1

Getting the perfect image quality

Get to know Varjo Reality Cloud
Develop for Varjo Developer support

FAQ & Troubleshooting
Downloads Release notes Release notes for Varjo Base
Release notes for Varjo Reality Cloud for Windows
Release notes for Varjo Reality Cloud for iOS

Varjo organizations

Varjo organizations are the business entities in Varjo Account Portal that own and manage Varjo services.

To get started with setting up your organization, create a commercial account and log into Varjo Account Portal. Accounts are free and signing up is easy.

Read on for instructions to set up your organization and manage subscriptions.

Varjo services are tied to and managed via an organization, which consists of admin users and regular members. Read more about Varjo services.

Follow these instructions to set up Varjo services for your team:

1. Create an organization

To create an organization in Varjo Account Portal, select Create organization.

You will automatically become the admin user for the new organization. Admin users can purchase services, assign seats, as well as invite members and other admins as needed.

You can purchase subscriptions in Varjo Account Portal under Purchase subscriptions. Subscriptions are tied to your organization.

3. Invite team members

As the admin user for your organization, you can invite members of your team to join the organization either as an admin user or regular member. Invitees are sent an email with a link to create a new Varjo Account or to join with their existing account.

Invite others to join your organization:

In Varjo Account Portal, open and select your organization.
Under Members, click the arrow to open the Members page.
Select Invite admin or Invite user and enter an email address to send an invitation. See instructions on how to accept an admin invitation.

After creating an account, members can download software in Varjo Account Portal.

4. Assign services to team members

Some subscriptions are available to all members of the organization, while others require that each user is assigned a seat in a subscription. For instance, a Varjo Reality Cloud subscription is valid for all members, and to use a Varjo XR or VR subscription you also need an assigned seat.

Assign a seat in a subscription:

In Varjo Account Portal, open and select your organization.
UnderServices, select Assign seats.
Select an existing user, then selectOK. Alternatively, select Invite user and enter an email address to invite a new user to join your organization and assign them a seat.

Being invited as an admin for an organization

When you are invited to join an organization in Varjo Account Portal, you will receive an invitation email with a link to create an account and join the organization.

Follow these instructions to create your account and set up Varjo services for your team. Read more about Varjo services.

1. Create your Varjo Account

Create an account using the link in the invitation email. Make sure to use the same email address the invitation was sent to.

With your new account, you are automatically an admin user for your organization.

2.  View your organization

Organizations in Varjo Account Portal are used to purchase and manage Varjo services, and assign seats in subscriptions. An organization consists of two types of members: admins and regular members. Admins can invite new members, manage services, and assign seats in subscriptions.

To view the details of your organization in Varjo Account Portal, open Organizations and select your organization.

3.  Invite team members

As admin you can invite new members to join your organization. Invitees are sent an email with a link to create a new Varjo Account or to join with their existing account.

Invite team members to join your organization:

In Varjo Account Portal, open Organizations and select your organization.
Under Members, click the link to open the Members page.
Select Invite user and enter an email address to invite a new member. Alternatively, select Invite admin to invite another admin user.

Members can download software in Varjo Account Portal.

4.  Assign access to services

Some services require that each user is assigned a seat in the subscription, while other services are available to all members of the organization. For instance, a Varjo Reality Cloud subscription is valid for all members, and to use a Varjo XR or VR subscription you also need an assigned seat.

Assign a seat in a subscription:

In Varjo Account Portal, open Organizations and select your organization.
Under Services, select Assign seats.
Select an existing user, then select OK. Alternatively, select Invite user and enter an email address to invite a new user to join your organization and assign them a seat.

Organizations

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Organizations

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.