ThissiteisoptimizedwiththeYoastSEO Premium plugin v22.0 (Yoast SEO v22.0) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
VR Resources – Varjo.com

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.4

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Upgrade offer for XR-3/VR-3 owners available. Learn more.

Enterprise Solutions HeadsetsVarjo XR-4 Series
Varjo XR-4 Secure Edition

Varjo ResellersVarjo has over 35 certified resellers across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East. Find your nearest reseller and get in touch with them for a demo.

Use Cases A – M Automotive

R – Z Research

Case StudiesMoving your work into a true-to-life immersive environment can help save time, money and effort along the way. Read how to transform workflows across industries with virtual and mixed reality.

Resources Resources E-books and Whitepapers

Varjo Case Studies25% of the Fortune100 companies are already partnering with us across multiple business areas. Read why industry leaders and pioneers choose Varjo.
DevelopersYou can develop experiences for Varjo headsets using the 3D tools you’re already familiar with. Find all our dev documentation and code examples here.
Learning HubA resource meant for anybody who would like to learn more about VR/XR and understand the most common terms used in the industry.

About Company About Us

Become a Partner Become a Varjo Reseller

Latest from VarjoRead our latest VR/XR technology insights, hear what the world is saying about Varjo, and know right away when Varjo news breaks – it’s all here.
Want to experience the world’s only human-eye resolution XR/VR headsets firsthand? Meet us and our partners around the world.

Support Get StartedGet started with the Varjo headset. We’ll guide you through the software installation, headset setup, and help you get the most out of your device.
FAQ & TroubleshootingFind answers to frequently asked questions and get help with the most common troubleshooting situations.
Contact SupportReach out to our in-house experts for support. We'll aim to get back to all our enterprise clients within one business day.

Resources / Varjo VR and XR

Learn more about the business benefits of Varjo’s immersive technologies for different industries from our webinars, podcasts and brochures.

 CASE STUDIES  WEBINARS  PODCASTS

 E-BOOKS  VIDEOS ALL News Varjo Lab

Stay up to date with all Varjo news by subscribing to our newsletter.

Testimonials and Case Studies

From the very beginning we’ve built Varjo devices for visionaries in some of the world’s most demanding industries. Here’s what they have to say about us.

“Varjo is now providing the only solution to good quality mixed reality training.”

Otakar Nieder, Senior Director of Development at Bohemia Interactive Simulations

“With VR headsets such as Varjo, we are talking savings potentially in the tens of millions of dollars.”

Chris Ryan, Managing Director at Ryan Aerospace

“In the world of immersive training, there’s been a barrier in headset resolution. Varjo has broken through that barrier.”

Bob Vaughn, Product Manager at FlightSafety International

“Before, reviewing a car model with management meant flying to Korea and took at least 4 days. Now, I can do it in one hour.”

Gregory Guillaume, Vice President of Design at Kia Motors Europe

“The same level of realism and interactions as if the astronauts were sitting in the physical simulators.”

Connie Miller, Product Specialist at Boeing Starliner

“Unlocking unlimited creative potential for virtual prototyping.”

Lukas Fäth, Senior Product Manager at Autodesk

See all case studies & testimonials

Watch now to discover incredible product features, industry-changing collaborations, and all the latest updates from Varjo’s founders and key product experts.

For current events, visit our Events page.

Watch the Varjo XR-4 Launch Event On-Demand

Events

: How to Leverage Mixed Reality for Medical Simulation Training

: How the USAF trains pilots of the future with XR

: How to Leverage Virtual and Mixed Reality in the Courtroom

Varjo Fireside Chats: Adopting VR Technology for the Classroom

Insight Session: Bridging Neuroscience and XR for Superpowering the Human Experience

Watch On Demand: Discover the Varjo XR-3 Focal Edition for Advanced Mixed Reality Simulation

Special Event: Introducing Unity and Unreal Streaming With Varjo Reality Cloud

 on Demand: From Contract to Deployment – Building an XR Air Refueling Simulator for the USAF

Community Session: VR Flight Sim Guy and the Art of Virtual Flying

 on Demand: Streamline Prototyping and Digital Twin Development in Mixed Reality

 on Demand: Insight Session – Enabling Intuitive Interaction in VR/XR with Hand Tracking

 on Demand: The Future Has Arrived – Varjo Reality Cloud Launch Event

Webinar

Webinar on Demand: How Airmen Are Leveraging VR to Deploy More Effective and Scalable Critical Training Solutions

Webinar

Webinar on Demand: Using Virtual Reality to Power Collaborative Medical Imaging

Webinar

Webinar on Demand: Insight Session – Improve Performance and Deepen User Insights with Eye Tracking for VR/XR

Webinar

Webinar On Demand – Insight Session: Customize Your Mixed Reality Experience with Varjo Lab Tools

Webinar

Varjo Aero Launch Event – Get the First Look

Webinar: Building the World’s Most Versatile, Drivable Concept Car with Mixed Reality

Webinar

Webinar on Demand: How Mixed Reality Simulation Enables Immersive Maritime Training

Webinar

Listen to our expert insights on VR from these podcast resources.

The Future of Industrial-grade Mixed Reality

Urho Konttori, co-founder of Varjo, interviewed by futurist Trond Arne Undheim

Perfecting Space Exploration with Boeing and Varjo

Interview with Steve Siceloff of Boeing and Geoff Bund of Varjo about the groundbreaking Starliner VR training program

Impetus Digital's Fireside Chats: Virtual Reality in Medicine and Clinical Research

Varjo's Head of Research and Medical, Ville Leppälä, provides insight into the potential applications of VR/AR/MR in medicine and healthcare.

Over Coffee® Podcasts: Across Creative Boundaries with Varjo's Geoff Bund

Geoff Bund shares how Varjo is exploring XR and offers valuable insights on creating successful immersive VR/MR/XR projects.

Varjo & Volvo Collaboration: Mixed Reality for Automotive

Interview with Timmy Ghiurau at Volvo Cars and John Burwell, Varjo's Global Lead for Simulation and Training

Varjo VR-2, VR-2 Pro and XR-1

Interview with John Burwell, Varjo's Global Lead for Simulation and Training on the incredible new capabilities Varjo offers

A Guide to the Transformative Power of VR/XR

White Paper: Using Virtual Reality and Mixed Reality for Pilot Training and Simulation

White Paper: Use of Mixed and Virtual Reality in Industrial Design

You can find all of Varjo’s high-resolution videos on Vimeo.

XR-4 and XR-4 Focal Edition are available in our web store and through selected Varjo resellers to business customers in nearly 40 countries.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers. Shipping to EU, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States.

Business customers have access to our full product range.

Private customers can order Aero through our selected Varjo resellers.