html This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO plugin v17.3 - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ - Sulzer & Schmid Laboratories AG / Yoast SEO plugin. Leadfeeder End Leadfeeder Google Tag Manager End Google Tag Manager 
Privacy Policy

Protecting the security and privacy of your personal data is important to Sulzer & Schmid Laboratories AG. 

Sulzer & Schmid Laboratories AG
Industriestrasse 9
8618 Oetwil am See
Switzerland+41 55 508 17 15info@sulzerschmid.com

I       What do we do?

Sulzer & Schmid Laboratories AG, Industriestrasse 9, 8618 Oetwil am See, Switzerland, is the operator of the website www.sulzerschmid.com (hereinafter referred to as “we“).

We are responsible for the collection, processing and use of your data and ensure compliance with Swiss law and the European Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The protection of your personal data is of great concern to us.

II       What do we inform about?What data is collected on www.sulzerschmid.com;Under what circumstances we may process your data and for what purpose;How long we may keep your data;In which cases we pass on data to third parties;How we process your data;When and how you can object to data processing;What rights you have in connection with our data processing and how you can assert 

1       What data do we collect from you and from whom do we receive this data?

First and foremost, we process personal data that you provide to us or that we collect when operating our website. We may also receive personal data about you from third parties. This may include the following categories:Personal master data (name, address, dates of birth, etc.);Contact details (mobile phone number, email address, etc.);Financial data (e.g. account details etc.);Online identifiers (e.g. cookie identifier, IP addresses, etc.);Location and traffic data;Sound and image recordings;Reference information;

This data may originate from the following sources:publicly available sources (e.g. media, Internet);public registers (e.g. commercial register, debt collection register, land register);administrative or judicial proceedings;Information concerning your professional functions and activities;correspondence and meetings with third parties;Information about you that is given to us by people close to you so that we can conclude or process contracts with you;the use of our website.
2       Under what conditions do we process your data?

We process your data in good faith and for the purposes set out in this privacy policy. In doing so, we ensure a transparent processing that is limited to the necessary information.

The legal basis could be:Your consent;the execution of a contract or pre-contractual measures;the fulfilment of legal requirements;our legitimate interests, unless your interests do not prevail;the safeguarding of vital interests of you or another person or for the performance of a task in the public interest;other relevant legal bases.

You may be required to provide us with certain personal information in order for us to do business with each other. Without such data, we are usually not able to fulfill a contract.

The website may not fully function if certain traffic security information, such as your IP address, is not disclosed.
3       How can you withdraw consent?

If you have given us your consent to process your personal data for specific purposes, we will process your data within the scope of this consent, unless there is another legal basis.

You can revoke your consent at any time by sending an e-mail to info@sulzerschmid.com. The revocation is only effective for the future, data processing that has already taken place is not affected.

If you have subscribed to our newsletter, you can click on the link provided in the newsletter to unsubscribe.
4       In which cases can we pass on your data to third parties?In general

We may rely on the services of third parties or affiliates to process your information. We ensure that the recipients comply with the requirements of data protection. We will only share your personal information if:

• You consented;
• this is necessary for the fulfilment of the contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures;
• this is necessary to enforce our rights;
• we have a legitimate interest in doing so and your interests do not prevail;
• there is a legal obligation to do so or another legal permission exists.

Categories of such recipients are namely:
• Affiliate companies around the world
• Accounting, fiduciary and auditing firms;
• Consulting companies (legal advice, taxes, etc.);
• IT service providers (web hosting, support, cloud services, website design, etc.);
• Payment service providers;
• Providers of tracking, conversion and advertising services.
We may also be required to disclose your information to government authorities.

Under certain circumstances, your personal data may be transferred to affiliated companies or subcontractors abroad. These companies are obligated to data protection to the same extent as we are. The transfer may take place worldwide.

If the level of data protection does not correspond to that in the EEA area, we carry out a prior risk assessment and ensure that the same level of protection is guaranteed as in the EEA area (e.g. by means of the new standard contractual clauses [SCCs] of the EU Commission or other measures prescribed by law). If our risk assessment indicates that the SCCs do not provide sufficient safeguards, we will take additional technical measures to protect your data. You can access the EU Commission’s SCCs at: Standard contractual clauses for international transfers (europa.eu)
5       How long do we keep your data?

We store personal data only for as long as is necessary to fulfill the individual purposes for which the data was collected.

Data that we store when you visit our website is kept for twelve months. An exception is made for analytics and tracking data, which may be retained for longer.

We store contract data for longer, as we are obliged to do so by legal regulations. In particular, we must retain business communication, contracts and accounting vouchers for up to 10 years. As far as we no longer need such data from you to perform the services, the data will be blocked and we will only use it for accounting and tax purposes.
6       How do we protect your data?

We will keep your information secure and take all reasonable steps to protect your information from loss, access, misuse or alteration.

Our subcontractors and employees who have access to your data are obliged to comply with the provisions of data protection law. In some cases it will be necessary for us to pass on your enquiries to affiliated companies. In these cases, too, your data will be treated confidentially.

Within our website we use the SSL procedure (Secure Socket Layer) in connection with the highest encryption level supported by your browser.
7       What rights do you have?Right to information and data transmission

You can request information about the data we hold about you at any time. We kindly ask you to send your request for information together with proof of identity to info@sulzerschmid.com.

You also have the right to receive your data in a commonly used file format or (if technically feasible) to have your data transferred to a third party if we process your data automatically and if:you have given your consent for the processing of this data; oryou have disclosed data in connection with the conclusion or performance of a contract

2. Right to erasure and rectification

You have the possibility at any time to request the deletion or correction or completion of your data, provided that there are no legal obligations to retain data or a legal reason for permission to do so.

Please note that the exercise of your rights may, under certain circumstances, conflict with contractual agreements and have corresponding effects on the execution of the contract (e.g. premature termination of the contract or cost consequences).

3. Restriction of processing

You also have the right to request that processing be restricted if you dispute the accuracy of the data, the processing is unlawful, the data is no longer required or you object.

If the processing of the data is restricted, it may only be stored. Further processing may only be carried out with your consent, for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims, to protect the rights of another person or for reasons of important public interest. In the event that the restriction is lifted, you will be notified.

4. Right to object

You have the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to processing including profiling that is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests. This right also applies to processing for the purpose of direct advertising.

If you are affected by the processing of personal data, you have the right to enforce your rights in court or to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. The competent supervisory authority in Switzerland is the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner: http://www.edoeb.admin.ch

IV    Data processing operations when visiting the website
1       Provision of the website and creation of log files

What information do we receive and how do we use it?

By visiting www.sulzerschmid.com, certain data is automatically stored on our servers or on servers of services and products that we obtain and / or have installed, for system administration purposes, for statistical or backup purposes or for tracking purposes. These are:the name of your Internet service provider;your IP address (under certain circumstances);the version of your browser software;the operating system of the computer used to access www.sulzerschmid.com;the date and time of access;the website from which you are visiting www.sulzerschmid.com;the search terms you used to find www.sulzerschmid.com.

Why are we allowed to process this data?

This data cannot be assigned to a specific person and there is no consolidation of this data with other data sources. The log files are stored in order to guarantee the functionality of the website and to ensure the security of our information technology systems. This is our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 (1) f GDPR.

How can you prevent data collection?

The data is only stored for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. Accordingly, the data is deleted after the end of each session. The storage of the log files is absolutely necessary for the operation of the website, you therefore have no possibility to object to this.

How do cookies work?

Our website uses cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored on the operating system of your device with the help of the browser when you visit our website. Cookies do not cause any damage to your computer and do not contain viruses.

What information do we receive and how do we use it?

Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted after the end of your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your terminal device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser on your next visit. This allows us to save certain settings (such as language settings or location information) so that you do not have to re-enter them the next time you visit the website.

Why may we use cookies?

We use cookies so that we can make our website more user-friendly, effective and secure. The use of cookies and the related processing of your data is based on our legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 (1) f GDPR.

How can you prevent data collection via cookies?

The cookies are stored on your computer. You therefore have full control over the use of the cookies. You can delete them completely or deactivate or restrict the transfer by changing the settings in your browser. If cookies are deactivated for our website, it may no longer be possible to use all the functions of the website to their full extent.
3       Tracking ToolsGoogle Analytics

How does Google Analytics work?

Our website uses Google Analytics, a service provided by Google Inc. from the United States. Google Analytics is integrated with Google Tag Manager.

Google uses cookies that are stored on your device and enable an analysis of your behavior on our website. The information generated by the cookie about your behaviour will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

We have added the code “anonymizeIP” to Google Analytics. This ensures that all data is collected anonymously. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the United States and shortened there.

Why may we use Google Analytics?

Google evaluates the collected data on our behalf, so that we can get a picture of the visits and user behavior on our website. This enables us to improve our services and the website content as well as its design. This is done on the basis of our legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 (1) f GDPR.

How can you prevent Google Analytics from collecting your data?

You can prevent the storage of cookies by adjusting the settings in your browser accordingly (see our comments on cookies). You can deactivate Google Analytics by downloading and installing the Google browser add-on.

2. LinkedIn Insight Tag

How does the LinkedIn Insight Tag work?

We use the Insight Tag of LinkedIn Inc. from the United States for conversion tracking. When you visit our website for the first time, a cookie is set on your end device by LinkedIn. LinkedIn receives the information that you have visited our website, whereby your IP address is also collected. In addition, timestamps and events such as page views are stored. We also learn from which LinkedIn-Ad or interaction on LinkedIn you reached our website.

Why may we use the LinkedIn Insight Tag?

We use the Insight Tag to get a picture of visits and user behavior on our website and to evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing measures on LinkedIn for statistical and market research purposes and to optimize them for future advertising measures. This is our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 (1) f GDPR.

What information do you share with LinkedIn?

Your data will be processed by LinkedIn. A connection to your user profile is possible. LinkedIn may use the collected data for its own advertising purposes. This use of your data cannot be influenced by us. You can prevent the analysis of your usage behavior by LinkedIn as well as the display of interest-based recommendations via https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out. 

How does Matomo work?

Matomo is an open source web application for web analytics. Matomo is hosted locally in Switzerland. Matomo uses cookies, which are stored on your device and which allow an analysis of the use of our online services. In the process, pseudonymous profiles can be created from the processed data. Your IP address is anonymized before it is stored.

Why may we use Matomo?

Matomo is used on this website to collect statistical evaluations of the performance of individual pages with the aim of optimizing the user experience. This is our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 (1) f GDPR.

What information do you share with Matomo?

The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is only stored on our server and is not passed on to third parties.
4       Inclusion of invisible content

We include the following content on our website that is not visible to you:Web Fonts from Google and Adobe Type Kit for the uniform display of fonts

(For more information, see the Privacy Policies of Google and Adobe Type Kit)Content Delivery Network (CDN) and Domain Name System (DNS) from Cloudfare

(For more information, see Privacy Policy of Cloudfare)Spam protection by Akismet

(For more information, see the Privacy Policy of Automattic Inc.)

How does the integration work?Web Fonts:

When you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache in order to display texts and fonts correctly. For this purpose, the browser you are using must connect to the servers of Google and/or Adobe Type Kit. This enables Google and/or Adobe Type Kit to know that our website has been accessed via your IP address. If your browser does not support web fonts, a default font will be used by your computer.CDN and DNS from Cloudfare:

CDNs are services with the help of which content, in particular larger media files such as graphics and videos, are delivered more quickly with the help of regionally distributed servers. User data is processed solely for the aforementioned purposes and to maintain the security and functionality of the CDN. DNS (Domain Name System) services help the browser to find the appropriate IP address of the server hosting and delivering this page for an entered domain, such as www.example.com.Spam protection from Akismet:

Akismet is a service provided by Automattic Inc that protects the website against spam messages as comments under blog posts, content pages, and other content types. Akismet collects the website user’s input data and technical information such as IP address, country of residence, browser, screen resolution and related information for the purpose of checking whether a comment is spam. These are transferred to the Akismet’s servers in the United States for automatic verification.

Why are we allowed to include this content?

The use of web fonts is in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our online offers.

The use of CDN and DNS is based on our interest in a secure and efficient provision, analysis and optimization of our online offer.

The use of Akismet serves the protection and functionality of our website.

These are all legitimate interests within the meaning of Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR.
5       Embedding visible content

We include the following third-party content on our website that is visible to you:Location information via Google Maps;Videos from Youtube.

How does the integration work?Location details:

Your IP address is stored for the purpose of using the Google Maps functions. This is usually transferred to a Google server in the United States. We have no influence on this data transmission.Videos:

Video transmission to your device requires YouTube to receive and cache your IP address. The IP address is required for the display of the video content. For this purpose, YouTube collects data for statistical analysis, including: IP address, country of origin, localization based on IP, operating system, browser, screen resolution. Cookies are also set by YouTube and Google.

Why are we allowed to include this content?

The use of Google Maps is in the interest of an appealing presentation of our online offers and an easy location of the places indicated by us on the website.

We include content via Youtube to make our offer accessible to a wider audience.

This is our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 (1) f GDPR.

What information do you share with these providers?

If you are logged into a user account of a provider, you would enable this provider to assign your surfing behavior directly to your personal profile. We would like to point out that we have no knowledge of the specific content of the transmitted data or its use.

If you do not wish that these providers can assign the visit to our pages to your user account, please log out of your respective user account before using our website. For more information, see the privacy policy of Google.
6       Use of social media plug-ins

We use social media plug-ins from:Facebook 
(For more information, see Facebook’s data policy and its overview of plug-ins)Twitter
(For more information see the Twitter Privacy Policy)LinkedIn(For more information see the LinkedIn Privacy Policy)

Why may we use social media plug-ins?

We use social media plug-ins to make our offer (especially our blogs) accessible to a wider audience. This is our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 (1) f GDPR.

What information do you share with us?

We would like to point out that we do not receive any knowledge of the content of the transmitted data as well as their use to the social media service.

How can you prevent data collection?

If you do not want the social media service to be able to assign the visit to our pages to your user account, please log out of your respective user account before using our website.

You can also completely prevent the loading of the plug-ins with add-ons for your browser using a script or AdBlocker.

V      Data processing operations in the event of contact

What information do we receive and how do we use it?

On our website you can contact us via an electronic contact form. The data you enter in the input mask, such as name, e-mail address, etc., will be transmitted to us and stored.

The data you provide will be used to process your request.

When filling out the contact form, we may ask you to subscribe to our newsletter. See sec. 3 hereafter on how your data will be processed in connection to the newsletter.

Why are we allowed to process this data?

The legal reason for this is pre-contractual measures or our legitimate interests in the processing of the enquiry.

What information do we receive and how do we use it?

You have the possibility to contact us by e-mail. If you contact us by e-mail, the following data will be processed:e-mail address;content, subject and date of your email;contact data provided by you (e.g. name, telephone number, address, if applicable).

Why are we allowed to process this data?

Your details will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the enquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. The legal reason for this is pre-contractual measures or our legitimate interests in the processing of the enquiry.

Security note: We would like to point out that e-mails can be read or changed unauthorized and unnoticed during transmission. The spam filter can reject e-mails if they are identified as spam by certain characteristics.

How does the newsletter work?

Through our website you have the opportunity to sign up for our free newsletter. With the newsletter you will receive information about new articles, events and offers.

What information do we receive and how do we use it?

When you register for the newsletter, we collect your e-mail address and any other contact details. We need this for the dispatch and for verification.

We are entitled to pass on your data to third parties for the purpose of the technical processing of the newsletter.

We evaluate the success and failure of our online marketing campaigns. We can evaluate how often you have opened the newsletter and on which links you have clicked. This information helps us to adapt the newsletter to your needs in the future.

We store your data for the duration during which you are registered for the newsletter. If you unsubscribe, your data will remain stored for as long as is necessary for the registration of your deregistration.

Why may we send you the newsletter?

By sending the newsletter registration you give your consent to the data processing. You agree to receive our newsletter regularly and that your usage behavior will be statistically evaluated to optimize the newsletter.

May we use your personal data for advertising purposes?

Yes, if you have provided us with personal data about yourself in connection with the initiation of a contract or a contractual relationship or have otherwise consented to marketing measures, we may use this data for advertising purposes.

How do we use your data?

We may link your behavior on our website with the personal data you provide to evaluate certain personal aspects of you. For this purpose, we use evaluation tools.

With purpose-bound evaluations, we may form target groups that enable us to inform and advise you individually about our offers. We also measure the effectiveness of our advertising measures.

We may commission third-party providers with the placement of advertising measures, advertising campaigns and with conversion tracking as well as corresponding evaluations.

Why are we allowed to process this data?

We are interested in effectively share our products and providing you with offers tailored to your interests.

Furthermore, we would like to optimize our advertising measures and continue to offer you attractive products/experiences. This is our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 (1) f GDPR.

How can you stop our advertising measures?

You can object to receiving postal or e-mail advertising at any time with effect for the future by writing an e-mail info@sulzerschmid.com or by unsubscribing via the link provided in one of our advertising messages.

You can usually stop personalized ads on social media by changing the privacy settings for ads in your social media account.

To disable Google Ads, please see Google’s instructions for blocking ads.

VI    Does our privacy policy always remain the same?

We may change this privacy policy at any time. The changes will be published on www.sulzerschmid.com, you will not be informed separately.

VII  How can you get in touch with us?

If you have any questions or concerns about how we protect your information, you can reach us at any time by e-mail at info@sulzerschmid.com.

Responsible for the data processing carried out through this website is:

Sulzer & Schmid Laboratories AG

Industriestrasse 9, 8618 Oetwil am See, Switzerland

+41 55 508 17 15

info@sulzerschmid.comxml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?3DX™ Blade PlatformCustomized SolutionsPartner with usBlog/NewsAbout UsOpen/close navigation3DX™ Blade PlatformCustomized SolutionsPartner with usBlog/NewsAbout Us Matomo End Matomo Code