|Micro-&Nanotechnology|NIL

MetalensPrototyping
OpticalDesign&Testing

OpticalElements&Components

ISO9001Certification
CorporateSocialResponsibility(CSR)

MetalensPrototyping
OpticalDesign&Testing

OpticalElements& Components

Technology

ISO 9001 Certification
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)

Close this search box.

Projects

We participate in a variety of different national and European projects that expands the possibilities and future advantages of micro- and nanotechnology.

You can read more about the different projects here. 

The aim of the SUPERvisionary project is to accelerate the development of advanced diffractive optical elements. Read more about the project here. Project funding: EU-H2020

The Eurostars project is developing an instrument for in-line characterization/monitoring of surface structures on plastic films fabricated in a roll-to-roll (R2R) production line.Project funding: Innovation Fund Denmark and EU-H2020

This project aims to develop the most competitive cameras for face recognition, mixed reality and augmented reality for mobile phones, tablets and computers. NILT develops wafer-level optical prototypes for the cameras.Project website

The aim of the project is to develop a radically new type of Optical Solar Reflector (OSR) suitable for the space environment. To achieve a temperature variable emissivity, the OSR has nano-antennas in thermochromatic material, which are made by nanoimprinting.Project website

In the ADIMA project, NILT develops masters and replication methods for advanced diffractive optical elements (DOE). The project is funded by the Sweden’s Innovation Agency Vinnova.Project website

The aim of this H2020 project is to develop high precision process chains for the mass production of functional structured surfaces. ProSurf aims to transfer a selection of advanced methods for surface modification into industrial mass production lines that use replicative processes such as injection moulding. ProSurf covers a broad scope of applications. Demonstrators will be developed to improve actual products of the industrial consortium members. NIL Technology´s role in the project is to develop nanostructured moulds for anti-reflective and decorative surface functionalities.Project website

The MARS project is a Joint-Danish-German Cooperation on SME innovation with Fraunhofer IPT and Nanoplus (DE). The objective of the project is to integrate anti-reflective nanostructures in infrared optics manufactured by precision glass moulding.

Project funding: Innobooster (Innovationsfonden)

The IZADI- nano2industry project address injection moulding, casting and coating of pilots for the production of improved components with nanomaterials for automotive, construction and agricultural machinery. Nano-reinforced thermoplastics will be combined with nanotextured steel moulds to produce automotive parts with anti-scratch and enhanced aesthetic properties.

Project funding: H2020

Project website

Inspired from NIL Technology´s succesful desktop Compact NanoImprint (CNI) tool, we have developed a desktop Compact Polymer Bonder (CPB) tool to allow for easy work with polymer bonding, especially relevant for (LOC), microfluidics and micro-electro-mechanical systems (MEMS). The new CPB tool has full external monitoring, data collection and control. Test partners in the project are DTU Danchip (DK) and microresist technology (DE). Project funding: Markedsmodningsfonden

META-REFLECTORMETA-REFLECTOR aims at developing the next generation of meta-materials to produce optical solar reflectors to govern the thermos-optical properties of the interface between the spacecraft and the space environment. This will be achieved by large area patterning of photonic nanopatterns.Project funding: H2020Project website

PolyNanoThe PolyNano project is organized in a technology developing kernel with direct link to 6 biotechnology task, to develop and explore the potential of LoC technology in a push-pull mode between development of precision polymer mass fabrication and user/market need defined by cutting edge biotech research. The project is open to approach new opportunities being new innovation initiatives, stakeholders (public, private, academic and commercial), and forms a strong basis for the partners to enter future R&D consortia and networks, national as well as international.Project funding: Innovationsfonden (DK)

NEMIMost failures in pattern replication processes are caused by wear of forming and forging master tools. Tribology is the science applied for lowering the wear by developing advanced (nanostructured) coatings. However, even these coatings are subject to wear that manifest itself as changes in the mechanical properties of the master tool in the form of fractures, roughness changes (adhesion) or deformation of the 3D shape. Hence a careful examination of the surface structure is essential for validating the functionality of a master tool. A new instrument based on NEUTRAL helium atoms is strictly surface sensitive with no penetration into the bulk (the atoms interact with the outermost electronic layer on the surface). The energy of the atoms is less than 0.1 eV, 4-6 order of magnitudes less than typical electron and helium ion energies. The new technique can image down to 10 nm and has the potential of being fast and applicable over large areas.Project funding: EU-FP7Project website

FASTFAST is a SME instrument phase 1 project with the aim to develop an elaborate business plan for NIL Technology´s Functionality by Structure technology. NILT has received funding for exploring and assessing the commercial potential of our breakthrough innovation.Project funding: H2020

SuperlensThe aim of the Superlens project is to develop a fabrication method for optical plastic lenses with self-cleaning properties. Plastic lenses are found in products ranging from medical devices to sensor and illumination systems. A great challenge of the existing lenses is the limited lifetime and need for cleaning. The project address this problem by creating super-hydrophobic and self-cleaning plastic lenses produced by injection moulding. The solution is to use nanostructured steel tools which will replicate the desired properties into the lens directly.Project funding: Eurostars-Eureka

Plast4FutureThe objective of the project is to upgrade existing injection moulding production technology for manufacture of plastic components by enhancing the lateral resolution on free-form surfaces down to micro- and nanometer length scales. This will be achieved through the development of a complete nanoimprint lithography solution for structuring the free-form surface of injection moulding tools and tool inserts. This will enable a cost effective and flexible nanoscale manufacturing process that can easily be integrated with conventional mass production lines.Project funding: EU-FP7Project website

CELL-O-MATICThe CELL-O-MATIC project will synergize efforts from SMEs, academics and large companies to develop a new chip-based technology for processing DNA from individual cells that will enhance the quality and throughput of present and future DNA sequencing significantly. This will open up for the next generation high-throughput sequencing. Especially in cancer management will single-cell analysis have many applications as DNA isolation and sequencing from tumour tissue and circulating tumour cells (CTC) has an important prognostic value.Project funding: EU-FP7

NanoPlastNanoPlast is an elaborate advanced technology platform for creation of novel surface functionalities in plastic products. Self-cleaning plastic surfaces, plastic surfaces with special optical properties and colorful plastic surfaces created without the use of dyes. The idea is that the parts are injection moulded in moulds with nanostructured surfaces, so that the nanostructures are transferred – “cast” – to the surfaces of the replicated plastic parts. The project is organized under The Danish National Advanced Technology Foundation.Project funding: Innovationsfonden (DK)

ICONThe project uses nanoimprint technology to create anti-microbial surfaces. The surfaces can reduce infections caused by pathogens such as S. aureus and E. coli and can be used on common plastics, medical devices, lenses and even ship hulls. Conventional methods for preventing bacterial surface attachment may use potentially harmful metal ions, nanoparticles, chemicals or UV-radiation.Project funding: ICON – A*STAR’s Industrial Consortium On Nanoimprint (SG)Project website

NILSAWNILSAW is a Eurostar funding European project, which is focussing on developing novel surface acoustic wave components through implementation of nanoimprint lithography techniques.The NILSAW target applications are calibration free SAW temperature sensors and SAW based osciallators for the tele/space/communication areas.  Nanoimprint lithography will allow the production of highly uniform SAW components, with a target of reducing the fabrication tolerances below 10 ppm.  Furthermore, Nanoimprint lithography allows for reduction of IDT features in order to push the production of high freuqency SAW components beyond the 2.5 GHz range, whcih is the upper limit in commercially available SAW components today.Project funding: EuroStars (EU)

NIL-2-GOThe NIL-2-GO project is focussed towards the development of a simple nanotechnological production technology for nanostructuring of fragile and rough surfaces. NIL-2-GO is based on a close collaboration between DTU Nanotech and NIL Technology ApS, and is so far the result of seven years research and development. In the project a simple method for nanostructuring of fragile and rough surfaces is made ready for production.Project funding: Innovationsfonden (DK)Project website

NaPANILThe NaPANIL project aims to develop processes, materials and tools, both for manufacturing and for control, for truly 3-dimensional nanosurfaces with feature dimensions ranging from 50 nm to several m. The nanosurfaces will be realised using various variants of nanoimprinting lithography. The dedicated application is to control light at nanostructured surfaces and a few potential high impact products have been identified by the end-user partners in the consortium. Design, demonstration and prototyping these applications will act as test-bench for the new manufacturing paradigm. The manufacturing processes possess generic aspects for production of any kind of topographically 3-dimensional nanostructured surfaces. In the R&D of nanoimprinting Europe has a leading position. The NaPANIL consortium combines the best expertise and know how in field to reach the goals in the project.Project funding: EU-FP7Project website

BISNES – Bio-Inspired Self-assembled Nano-Enabled SurfacesAdvanced nanofabrication can produce now nano-structures similar in size with single biomolecules or their self-assembled architectures. Capitalising on this strategic opportunity, BISNES focuses on the design, fabrication and implementation of biomimetic nanostructures which complement biomolecular surfaces and modulate the biomolecular activity. The BISNES project will (i) develop software products for the representation and quantification of bimolecular surfaces, especially those that self-assemble in long-range nano-aggregates, interacting with artificial nanostructures; (ii) design and fabricate nanostructured surfaces and objects that complementary replicate biomolecular surfaces; and (iii) design, fabricate and implement novel hybrid bio-devices which exhibit quantum-leap increase in capabilities (e.g., sensitivity, response time, cost) or entirely new ones.Project funding: EU FP7Project website

Get in touch with us

...and we'll get back to you as soon as possible.

 First Name Last Name Company Phone Email 

© NIL TECHNOLOGY – 2024

 +45 3111 1797 [email protected] 

[if IE]><script src="//www.nilt.com/wp-content/cache/wpfc-minified/2e4grvm7/e71w4.js" id="astra-flexibility-js"></script><![endif]

 WP Fastest Cache file was created in 2.0376758575439 seconds, on 13-03-24 19:18:59