|AvailablepositionsinNILT|NIL

MetalensPrototyping
OpticalDesign&Testing

OpticalElements&Components

ISO9001Certification
CorporateSocialResponsibility(CSR)

MetalensPrototyping
OpticalDesign&Testing

OpticalElements&Components

Technology

ISO9001 Certification
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)

Close this search box.

Join us

Developing the future of micro- and nanostructure solutions with the world’s best team.

This page requires javascript

“Our employees are our most valuable assets. They are the key to our performance, and therefore, we greatly treasure the values that we have internally. We come from a variety of different nations, and this creates a special culture in the company. I believe this makes us extraordinary in terms of innovation and creativity, and it sure contributes greatly to the atmosphere that we have in NILT.“

In NIL Technology, you will be part of a special culture.  

Cooperation, involvement, knowledge sharing, mutual respect, and listening to each other are important values to us. 

Together, we laugh, discuss, play table tennis, and most importantly, we constantly develop and seek excellence in everything we do.  

0 %has a Ph.D.

 "At NILT, you may greatly influence your work, both in terms of daily tasks and the path of your career."Tobias Hedegaard BroSenior Production Engineer

 "At NILT, I get to work with so many talented people. We all work towards the same goal and I'm happy to be able to contribute."Kristian SmistrupSenior Tool Development Engineer

 At NILT, challenges are constantly changing, so you are always learning something new.Jesper Fly hansenR&D Production Engineer

 I truly appreciate the culture that we have in the company. We all help each other out, we listen to each other, and we have a good time together. This makes it a lot easier to be productive and creative.Sunniva Øverland MunkMarketing Manager

 Every day I'm challenged with different projects that are part of future optical applications. It's very fascinating.Akbar SamadiOptics Research Scientist

 I really appreciate the possibility to takle hi-tech production challenges with state-of-the-art technologyMarco MatteucciProduction Manager

 At NILT, I am constantly required to develop and implement new innovative solutions to meet the highest fabrication standards. This is done together with a team of fantastic colleagues where open-mindedness and creativity are encouraged.Lars KildebroR&D Production Engineer

Take your skills to the next level with NIL Technology

NIL Technology is a fast-paced company consisting of committed and talented people who strive to perform and deliver excellent results. We are driven towards excellence in everything we do by cherishing a passion for groundbreaking solutions. We value knowledge sharing, mutual respect, involvement, and honesty, which we apply in our dialogue with colleagues and customers. Together, it creates a strong foundation for high quality in everything we do, as well as continuous improvement and innovation to the benefit of our customers.

We are one team with a profound team spirit. Together, we have more fun, and we deliver better results. To join our team, you need to have the same attitude. And you must have a passion for innovative solutions.

We are proud of the solutions we make for and together with our customers, and we plan to continue to innovate ourselves and develop world-class technology and solutions. To do that, we need the best people on board. Are you the one? 

Would you like to stay updated on new positions in NILT? Sign up to our Job Alert and we’ll make sure to notify you when we have new available positions.

 Yes, please send me a mail when NILT has new, available positions. I accept the conditions for marketing and privacy. Keep me updated! 

Get in touch with us

...and we'll get back to you as soon as possible.

 First Name Last Name Company Phone Email 

© NIL TECHNOLOGY – 2024

 +45 3111 1797 [email protected] 

Stay updated with our Job Alert and get notified when we have new, available positions at NILT. We’ll keep you posted!

 Yes, please send me a mail when NILT has new, available positions. I accept the conditions for marketing and privacy. Keep me posted 

[if IE]><script src="//www.nilt.com/wp-content/cache/wpfc-minified/2e4grvm7/e71w4.js" id="astra-flexibility-js"></script><![endif]

 WP Fastest Cache file was created in 2.3208739757538 seconds, on 13-03-24 19:21:26