LEGALNOTICE - Swissto12Swissto12

Antenna Components
Electronically Steered Antenna Arrays

Homepage / 

LEGAL NOTICE

This website is only intended to provide general information about SWISSto12 SA, its products and activities worldwide. SWISSto12 SA reserves the right to delete, modify or supplement the content of this site at any time for any reason without notification.

Personal information about yourself and your activity is collected on a voluntary basis throughout the available contact forms. All this information will be stored, processed and distributed internally exclusively for assisting you individually, for sending product information or for submitting service offers. SWISSto12 SA will not share personal information you provide to other companies or individuals without your permission, unless required by law or for other legal purposes.

The text, images, graphics, sound files, animation files, video files and their arrangement on this website are all subject to Copyright and other intellectual property protection. These objects may not be copied for commercial use or distribution, nor may these objects be modified or reposted to other sites. This website might contain pictures or other materials that are covered by third-party copyright. Unless otherwise stated, all brands on this website are protected by trademark law. This applies in particular to SWISSto12 SA brands, company logos, slogans, designs and emblems.

Information on this website is provided “as is” and without warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, including (but not limited to) any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose, or non-infringement. While the information provided is believed to be accurate, it may include errors or inaccuracies.

This website may contain links to other websites not controlled or operated by SWISSto12 SA. These links are for your convenience only and shall not constitute any kind of liability of SWISSto12 SA whatsoever. SWISSto12 SA does not endorse information contained on linked websites.