CompositeManufacturing
GasLeakDetectionAsAService

UltraPro/UltraPro X

Blog
Distran in the media

Composite Manufacturing
Gas Leak Detection As A Service

Ultra Pro / Ultra Pro X

Blog
Distran in the media

Talk to your local Expert

Read Distran’s privacy policy

The website distran.swiss is owned by Distran AG, which is the data controller of your personal data.

We have adopted this privacy policy, which determines how we handle information collected by distran.swiss, which also provides the reasons why we need to collect certain personal data about you. Therefore, you should read this privacy policy before using the website distran.swiss.

We care about your personal information and are committed to ensuring its confidentiality and security.

The personal information we collect

When you visit the distran.swiss website, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies installed on your device. In addition, as you browse the website, we collect information about the individual web pages or products you view, the websites or search terms that referred you to the site, and how you interact with the site. We refer to this automatically collected information as “device information”.

In addition, we may collect the personal data you provide to us (including last name, first name, company name, email, phone number) while you fill in contact formulars.

Why do we process your data?

Our top priority is the security of customer data, and as such, we may only process minimal user data, only to the extent that is absolutely necessary to maintain the website. Automatically collected information is used only to identify potential cases of abuse and to compile statistical information about the use of the website. This statistical information is not otherwise aggregated to identify a specific user of the system.

You can visit the website without telling us who you are or revealing any information by which anyone could identify you as a specific, identifiable individual. However, if you wish to use certain features of the website, or if you wish to receive our newsletter or provide other details by filling out a form, you may provide us with personal data, such as your e-mail, first name, last name, organization, telephone number. You may choose not to provide us with your personal data, but then you may not be able to take advantage of certain features of the website. For example, you will not be able to receive our newsletter or contact us directly from the website. Users who do not know what information is required are encouraged to contact us via hello@distran.ch.

If you are a European resident, you have the following rights related to your personal data:

The right to be informed,
The right of access,
The right of rectification,
The right to erasure,
The right to restrict processing,
The right to data portability,
The right to object,
The rights relating to automated decision making and profiling.

If you wish to exercise this right, please contact us via the e-mail address mentioned below.

In addition, if you are a European resident, we note that we process your information in order to perform contracts we may have with you (for example, if you place an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. In addition, please note that your information may be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.

Links to other websites

Our website may contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for these other websites or the privacy practices of third parties. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that may collect personal information.

We secure the information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure of personal data in its control and custody. However, no data transmission over the Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed.

We will disclose any information we collect, use or receive if required or permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process, and when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or respond to a government request.
Links to other websites

Our website may contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for these other websites or the privacy practices of third parties. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that may collect personal information.

We will disclose any information we collect, use or receive if required or permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process, and when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or respond to a government request.

We secure the information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure of personal data in its control and custody. However, no data transmission over the Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed.

If you would like to contact us to understand more about this policy or if you would like to contact us regarding any questions about individual rights and your personal information, you may send an email to hello@distran.ch.

Zurich, August 15th, 2022