Effective Mitigation of Electromagnetic Interferences (EMI) | VAC

 Soft Magnetic Materials and Stamped Parts

 Inductive Components and Cores

 Permanent Magnets and Assemblies

 Energy Generation & Management

 Vocational Training and Studies

 Effective Mitigation of Electromagnetic Interferences (EMI)

in Next-gen Applications using SiC/GaN Semiconductors

Next generation hardware developments often rely on SiC or GaN semiconductors, leveraging their higher switching frequency and lower losses as major benefits on application level. While a reduction in volume and gain in efficiency is welcome, excessive electromagnetic interferences (EMI) need to be addressed.

To handle theexcessive noise level in applications with SiC or GaN semiconductors, VAC has developed new solutions for EMI mitigation. Our whitepaper reveals multiple opportunities to keep your application reliably free from EMI and achieve highest performance.

 Get the Most out of your Application
 Advanced Semiconductors require Advanced EMI Mitigation

 Wind and Solar Inverters

 Whitepaper for VITROPERM available
 Register to receive a Whitepaper on Mitigation of EMI in Applications with wide bandgap semiconductors

Wide bandgap semiconductors – like SiC, GaN and Ga2O3– offer specific advantages in power electronics due to their special physical properties and provide guidance on the optimization of the efficiency of passive LC-filters.

 ®VACUUMSCHMELZE GmbH & Co. KG

 Root element of PhotoSwipe. Must have class pswp. 

 Background of PhotoSwipe.
 It's a separate element as animating opacity is faster than rgba(). 

 Slides wrapper with overflow:hidden. 

 Container that holds slides.
 PhotoSwipe keeps only 3 of them in the DOM to save memory.
 Don't modify these 3 pswp__item elements, data is added later on. 

 Default (PhotoSwipeUI_Default) interface on top of sliding area. Can be changed. 

 Controls are self-explanatory. Order can be changed. 

 Preloader demo http://codepen.io/dimsemenov/pen/yyBWoR 
 element will get class pswp__preloader--active when preloader is running