Working for VAC | VAC

 Soft Magnetic Materials and Stamped Parts

 Inductive Components and Cores

 Permanent Magnets and Assemblies

 Energy Generation & Management

 Vocational Training and Studies

 Working in the VAC family

If you want to work on thrilling high-tech projects in growing global markets, become part of our highly motivated international team. In close cooperation with our customers we focus on megatrends and form the future. To further improve, we are always looking for new members of our VAC family who inspire us and help us getting better day by day.

Attractive financial conditions in all our locations worldwide
Secured and prosperous future through focusing on growth drivers
Intercultural cooperation with customers and colleagues all over the world
Long tradition of corporate culture characterized by respect, fairnessand appreciation

 Working in one of our facilities

More than 4,300 people all over the world are driving our machines at full speed every day. At our six production sites, we are one of the few companies in the world to map the entire process chain: From the production of the magnetic materials to the products made from them, we find the right solution for every requirement.

 - Germany

VAC was founded in Hanau in 1923 and still today calls it home. A large part of the research and development, product management, administration and material production, which is an essential part of further processing worldwide, is based in this location.

Working in Hanau

 Working in Horná Streda - Slovakia

Founded in 1998, our plant in Horná Streda nowadays supports our global activities with almost 1,000 skilled employees. For our customers from all over the world we manufacture inductive components, cores, stamped parts, permanent magnets and magnet assemblies that are used in various industries. The key to our success is continuous development, research and creating of innovative solutions.

Working in Horná Streda

 Working in Pekan - Malaysia

HR Department
Vacuumschmelze (M) Sdn. Bhd.

26600 Pekan
Pahang Darul Makmur, Malaysia
Phone:  +60 94 244904

 - China

Shenyang – China
VACUUMSCHMELZE China Magnetics (Shenyang) Co., Ltd.

Working in Shenyang

 Working in Ulvila - Finland

Neorem Magnets Oy, a subsidiary of VAC, is a Finnish company placed in Ulvila, who manufactures sintered NdFeB permanent magnets and magnet assemblies. 

 ®VACUUMSCHMELZE GmbH & Co. KG

 Root element of PhotoSwipe. Must have class pswp. 

 Background of PhotoSwipe.
 It's a separate element as animating opacity is faster than rgba(). 

 Slides wrapper with overflow:hidden. 

 Container that holds slides.
 PhotoSwipe keeps only 3 of them in the DOM to save memory.
 Don't modify these 3 pswp__item elements, data is added later on. 

 Default (PhotoSwipeUI_Default) interface on top of sliding area. Can be changed. 

 Controls are self-explanatory. Order can be changed. 

 Preloader demo http://codepen.io/dimsemenov/pen/yyBWoR 
 element will get class pswp__preloader--active when preloader is running