Current Sensors | VAC

 Soft Magnetic Materials and Stamped Parts

 Inductive Components and Cores

 Permanent Magnets and Assemblies

 Energy Generation & Management

 Vocational Training and Studies

 New d Loop P28x-Sensors
 High precision current measurement for demanding applications

VAC introduces a new line of closed-loop phase current sensors with a primary opening optimized for busbars. They are ideally suited for the measurement of DC, AC, and pulsed currents in current range of 150 A to 350 A.

 Open-Loop Current Sensors for Smart Industrial Solutions

VAC continues the development of new open loop sensors with a new product line of Hall-based open loop current sensors for industrial applications. They are ideally suited for the measurement of DC, AC, and pulsed currents in ranges of 80 A to 120 A.

 Open-Loop Current Sensors for Automotive Applications

VAC set up a new product line of open loop current sensors with a robust, automotive qualified hall element for high accuracy and linearity. They are ideally suited for the measurement of DC, AC, and pulsed currents in ranges of 300 A and 600 A.

 benvac
 All Current Sensitive DI Sensor for Electric Vehicle Charging

benvac is a differential current (DI) sensor specifically developed for EV-charging. The sensor can activate an automatic shut-off in case of hazardous electrical faults (DC and AC) according to IEC 62752 or UL2231.

 Differential Current Sensors
 Highest Accuracy for Maximum Electrical Safety

d-loop differential current sensors with VAC-invented magnetic probe for highest accuracy. VAC differential current (DI) sensors cover differential currents from 30 mA up to several Amps.

 Closed-Loop Current Sensors
 Current Measuring with the Highest Accuracy

Closed-loop current sensors with VAC-invented magnetic probe as zero field detector for highest accuracy. VAC current sensors cover three orders of magnitude of rated current between 1.5 A and 1,700 A.

Close

Close

 ®VACUUMSCHMELZE GmbH & Co. KG

 Root element of PhotoSwipe. Must have class pswp. 

 Background of PhotoSwipe.
 It's a separate element as animating opacity is faster than rgba(). 

 Slides wrapper with overflow:hidden. 

 Container that holds slides.
 PhotoSwipe keeps only 3 of them in the DOM to save memory.
 Don't modify these 3 pswp__item elements, data is added later on. 

 Default (PhotoSwipeUI_Default) interface on top of sliding area. Can be changed. 

 Controls are self-explanatory. Order can be changed. 

 Preloader demo http://codepen.io/dimsemenov/pen/yyBWoR 
 element will get class pswp__preloader--active when preloader is running