html - AnticimexMarketsSearchAbout Anticimex SMARTAround the worldSustainabilityContactMarketsSearchHomePeople & Culture
People & Culture

Competence development and attractive career opportunities, irrespective of background, are important to attract and retain the best people The Group’s ability to deliver modern pest control solutions that match customer needs ultimately rests on the skills and motivation of its employees A key priority for the Group is the ability to attract and retain talent. Accordingly, the Group considers it important to maintain a safe and engaging workplace that offers career opportunities, regardless of background. A diverse and inclusive workplace is beneficial to ensuring the Group’s ability to serve a global multifaceted customer base, ranging from private households to large corporations and public facilities such as airports and hospitals.

The ongoing digitalization of the pest control business requires employees to adopt new skills and improve their understanding of, and ability to master digitally-enabled solutions. The Group supports employees and develops skills through its online SMART training portal. The portal offers training and tutorials for sales, technicians and operational employees, with global coaches for local SMART teams.

The Group tracks employee satisfaction through employee surveys, conducted at least annually and carried out globally, and performance is measured using the established metric Employee Net Promoter Score (eNPS)[1] among other metrics. As a result of the decentralized Anticimex Model, the outcomes of the surveys are used to undertake improvement actions at all levels throughout the Group, identify best practices and immediately act on any negative deviations Group-wide.

The Group seeks to constantly improve its working environment based on employees’ feedback and measure key indicators that enable track improvement, performance and skills development. The Group further promotes preventive training for on-field employees in safe working practices. This includes mandatory training for drivers and for employees working in potentially dangerous or hazardous environments, such as heat treatment, fumigation, or where the service performance requires ladder work.

The Group also considers a satisfactory working environment and promising career opportunities as key to remaining an attractive option when owners of independent pest control companies consider divesting their businesses (learn more about Anticimex M&A Strategy here). Many sellers have joined the Group in management positions, branch manager roles or specialist positions.

If you're interested in joining Anticimex, check on each country's website for more information about job openings in your region. To find your local office website, click here.
[1] Employee Net Promoter Score (eNPS) is a measure of how likely employees are to recommend their employer as a place to work. It comes from the NPS measure more typically associated with customer satisfaction surveys and asks employees how likely they are to ‘promote’ their employer on a scale from 0 to 10. The eNPS score is calculated by taking the percentage of detractors and subtracting it from the percentage of promoters to yield an eNPS score from -100 to 100.

Our values
The framework that drives our success

.

.

.
Our OfficesSee the full list
Choose country slice-start id="_gatsby-scripts-1" 

 slice-end id="_gatsby-scripts-1"