htmlBolagsstyrelse - AnticimexMarketsSearchAbout Anticimex SMARTAround the worldSustainabilityContactMarketsSearch

Jarl Dahlfors
Chairman of the Board

Chairman of the Board and member of the Remuneration committee since 2022.

Education and professional experience: B.Sc. in Finance and Business Administration, Stockholm University, Sweden. IMD management training, IMD Business School, Switzerland. Previous experiences include President and CEO of Loomis AB, CFO at Attendo Group AB, CFO for the North American division at EF Education, CFO at Trygg Hansa Asset Management. President and CEO Anticimex Group 2015-2022. 

Current Board assignments and similar: Member of the Board of IVC Evidencia Ltd, Guardian Pest Control China, Melker Schörling.

Independent in relation to the Company and the Executive Group Management, but not in relation to the Company’s major shareholders.Download image 

 since 2012. Member of the Remuneration Committee.

Education and professional experience: M.Sc. in Economics and Business Administration, Stockholm School of Economics, Sweden. Previously associate at Morgan Stanley, London and Stockholm.

Principal activities outside of Anticimex: Deputy Managing Partner and Head of EQT Private Capital, 

Current Board assignments and similar: Chairman of the Board of Browne Invest AB. Member of the Board of IVC. Lago Invest AB, Lago Holding AB and Bark Partners AB.

Independent in relation to the Company and the Executive Group Management, but not in relation to the Company’s major shareholders.Download image 

 since 2020. Deputy since 2012. Member of the Audit Committee.

Education and professional experience: M.Sc. in Economics and Business, Stockholm School of Economics, Sweden. MBA, Harvard Business School, United States. Previous experience within private equity at The Blackstone Group, London and M&A at JP Morgan, London.

Principal activities outside of Anticimex: Partner at EQT. 

Current Board assignments and similar: of Hickory AB, Dellner Couplers Group AB and Couplers Holdco AB. Section chair, Class of 2009 Fundraising Committee at Harvard Endowment.

Independent in relation to the Company and the Executive Group Management, but not in relation to the Company’s major shareholders.Download image 

 since 2020. Chairman of the Audit Committee.

Education and professional experience: Law , Uppsala University, Sweden and University of Leeds, UK. Political Science studies, Stockholm University, Sweden. Previous experiences include various executive positions within the AIG group and the Marsh group.

Principal activities outside of Anticimex: Managing Director and Risk Management Leader Continental Europe at Marsh. Member of te Board of March AB, Marsch AS Norway, Marsch Ou finland, Business Insurance Foundation. 

Current Board assignments and similar: Chairman of the Board of Matthiessen Assurans AB. Board member of the Business Insurance Foundation Board and various companies within the Marsh group.

Independent in relation to the Company and the Executive Group Management as well as the Company’s major shareholders.Download image 

Board member

Board member since 2018. 

Education and professional experience: M.Sc., Industrial Economy, University of Linköping, Sweden. Previously CEO of the Verisure group (previously Securitas Direct) and Head of Verisure Innovation.

Principal activities outside of Anticimex: Director of Brinks Home.

Current Board assignments and similar: Chairman of the Board of Mikrodust AB. Board member of Securitas AB, DYVDC Holding AB and Monitronics International, Inc (United States).

Independent in relation to the Company and the Executive Group Management as well as the Company’s major shareholders.Download image 

Board member

Board member since 2020. Member of the Audit Committee.

Education and professional experience: BA (Hon) Economics and Accounting, University of Sheffield, United Kingdom. Fellow member of Institute of Chartered Accountant England and Wales and Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Previous experiences include auditing experience with PwC in London and banking experience with Cazenove Asia and Standard Chartered Bank.

Principal activities outside of Anticimex: –

Current Board assignments and similar: Board member of Link Asset Management, CLP Holdings, MSIG Insurance HK Limited, Home Credit NV and Manulife Financial Corporation.

Independent in relation to the Company and the Executive Group Management as well as the Company’s major shareholders.Download image 

Board member

Board member since 2021. 

Education and professional experience: International economics, bachelor of science at University of Gothenburg.

Principal activities outside of Anticimex: –

Current Board assignments and similar: Chairman of the Board of NCC AB, Loomis AB, Hexpol AB, Axfast AB, and member of the Board of Sweco AB, Attendo AB, Melker Schörling AB and Sandberg Development group.

Independent in relation to the Company and the Executive Group Management, but not in relation to the Company’s major shareholders.

Board member

Education and professional experience: B.Sc. Finance, Northern Illinois University. Held various Senior Executive level positions with Walmart, including Chief Marketing Officer, Walmart.com and Vice President Market Development of Walmart, Inc, Vice President and General Manager, Online of Williams Sonoma Inc.

Principal activities outside of Anticimex: Member of the Board of Ulta Beauty (publ), Ferguson plc (publ), Driven Brands (publ), Jeld-Wen Holdings (publ).

Independent in relation to the Company and the Executive Group Management as well as the Company’s major shareholders.Download image 
Choose country slice-start id="_gatsby-scripts-1" 

 slice-end id="_gatsby-scripts-1"