html - AnticimexMarketsSearchAbout Anticimex SMARTAround the worldSustainabilityContactMarketsSearchHomeIntegrity policy
Integrity policy

Anticimex processes your personal data in order to administer and fulfill our agreements with you and to meet the wishes you have as a customer, as well as to comply with the rules that apply to our business.

1. Why Anticimex processes your personal data

The data may also be processed for marketing purposes via email, market and customer analysis, as well as for statistical purposes in order to improve our products and services, and your experience. Each processing of personal data has a purpose as well as a legal basis.
2. What categories of personal data Anticimex processes and how we collect the data

Anticimex only processes information required to fulfil our commitment to you. In cases where we receive personal information that we do not need, this data will be deleted or unidentified so it cannot be referred back to you. We do not receive personal data from other parties.

Personal data you give us could include, but is not limited to:Contact details, e.g. name, e-mail address, mobile number, billing addressPersonal identification number or similarPayment information, e.g. credit and debit card data, billing information, bank card numberProperty, e.g. property identification number, apartment numberCustomer satisfaction, i.e. opinion on your experience of the service

Personal data we may get from your use of our servicesIncidence of pestGPS coordinates, e.g. through Anticimex Business App and Anticimex Smart servicesTelephone number, when calling Anticimex in certain countriesIP addresses, through the use of cookies in some countries
3. Storage period of personal data

Once the purpose for which the data was collected is no longer valid, your personal data will be deleted. This means that your data is only stored for as long as needed for the stated purpose, after which it is deleted according to applicable purging routines. We will not delete your personal information when there are legal requirements to retain the data.

Please refer to your local Anticimex business for local data processings and storage periods.Customer satisfaction data, as collected via email, is stored a maximum of five years, in order to improve and follow-up the services in line with feedback provided. The storage period is based on the average duration of agreements, which exceeds five years.
4. Transferring of personal data outside the company

Anticimex will not sell, disclose or distribute personal data to third parties, except as specified in this Integrity Policy. Within the framework of the service, personal data may be forwarded to an Anticimex supplier, contractor and partner if such is necessary for the performance and supply of the service. Anticimex may also disclose your personal data to other parties such as Anticimex' suppliers for business activities, such as technical support, operations and management of IT systems.

Parties to which Anticimex may transfer personal data may in few cases be located outside the European Economic Area, EEA, which means that personal data may be transferred to countries outside the EEA. If Anticimex transfers personal data to suppliers outside the EEA, through the use of e.g. Microsoft services, we will take steps to ensure that the personal data continues to be protected and we will also take the necessary steps to transfer personal data to countries outside the EEA in a lawful manner.

Processing agreements, as well as confidentiality agreements, are established with all suppliers that process personal data to ensure proper processing.

Furthermore, we may disclose personal data if we are required to do so by law or through a court order or if such disclosure is otherwise necessary to cooperate with a legal investigation. In the event that Anticimex is subject to a merger or sale, we may transfer personal data to the relevant third party provided that the third party undertakes to process the personal data in accordance with this Integrity Policy.
5. Security of personal data

Anticimex will always adopt the appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and/or destruction.

You are legally entitled to request details of your personal information we are processing. Anticimex provides you the ability to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date.

Please contact us if at any time you would like:Anticimex to correct, erase or restrict the processing of your personal informationTo obtain confirmation whether or not your personal information is processed by AnticimexTo acquire a copy of your personal dataTo exercise your right to data portabilityTo withdraw your consent to processing where this is the legal basis for the processingTo help protect your privacy and security, we will take necessary steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to any personally identifiable data.
7. Links to other sites

This Integrity Policy applies only to this website, and not to websites owned by third parties. We may provide links to other websites which we believe may be of interest to our visitors. We aim to ensure that such websites are of the highest standard. However, due to the nature of the internet, we cannot guarantee the privacy standards of websites to which we link or be responsible for the contents of sites other than this one, and this Integrity Policy is not intended to be applicable to any linked, non-Anticimex site.
8. Changes to this Integrity Policy

Anticimex reserves the right to revise this Integrity Policy from time to time. The date of the most recent change is specified at the end of the Integrity Policy. We will post any changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice.

For more information about Anticimex's Integrity Policy or practices, or to exercise your data protection rights, please contact the data protection responsible by writing to your local Anticimex business.

Anticimex International AB, Hälsingegatan 40, 113 43 Stockholm, Sweden

Latest update: 2018-05-18
Choose country slice-start id="_gatsby-scripts-1" 

 slice-end id="_gatsby-scripts-1"