html Search Engine Optimization by Rank Math - https://rankmath.com/ Sustainability - BLOOM FRESH /Rank Math WordPress SEO plugin Google tag (gtag.js) CONTACT 
Sustainability As part of AMFRESH group, our mission is to advance a new horizon of sustainable fresh food-growing for healthy, natural nutrition for a global population.
At BLOOM FRESH we believe the world deserves better.
We’re committed to finding sustainable ways to produce our food more efficiently. Across our own breeding and licensing operations and our supply chains, we’re working to ensure we uphold and advance human rights.
In everything we do, we aim to deliver a positive impact for farmers, workers, communities, consumers, partners and the world.
We look into the future with the commitment of a better tomorrow. Green varietyxml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"? The ChallengeThe Influence
THE ENVIRONMENTAL CHALLENGE OF AGRICULTURE Agriculture’s key challenge is reducing greenhouse gas emission and use of water, as well as promoting healthy ecosystems and soil’s biodiversity. In that context, table grapes production has potential for improvement on the use of phytosanitary products, water and emission of greenhouse gases. 0 %of global greenhouse gas emissions1 0 %of global freshwater withdrawals is used for agriculture2 10 %of global ocean and freshwater eutrophication (pollution of waterways with nutrient-rich pollutants) is cause by agriculture3

Our approach to Sustainable Agriculture covers three key areas: Soil Health, Fertilizer Reduction, and Water Stewardship.1. https://www.science.org/doi/10.1126/science.aaq0216, 2. https://www.fao.org/3/i1688e/i1688e.pdf 3. https://www.science.org/doi/10.1126/science.aaq0216
HABILITY TO INFLUENCE Compared to the rest of the fruit industry, table grapes perform well in terms of land usage, nutritional value, food waste and nitrogen usage, but underperform in water and fungicide intensity. In the pursuit of a sustainable future, our breeding efforts focus on fungicide reduction where BLOOM will have the greatest impact over the next 10 years. Our goal is to convert existing licensed varieties to disease tolerant grape varieties in order to lower fungicide usage, consequently improving soil health, lowering water consumption and reducing residues on table grapes.
IMPACT TARGET AND OUTCOME In addition to fundamental consumer desire traits such as flavor and taste, BLOOM is leading the development of disease tolerant varieties reducing the need of fungicides. Those varieties have shown to reduce the need for phytosanitary products applications, on average, by >[70]% implying a reduced number of chemical sprays from 15-30 to less than [6-7] per season, depending of the level of resistance and tolerance of each variety. BLOOM natural breeding program is continuously incorporating responsible tolerant genes against Powdery Mildew and Downey Mildew into the hybrids to ensure solid and sustainable tolerant traits. Disease tolerant varieties will replace non-disease ones in the next years, lowering need for chemicals without impacting agricultural yield and improving soil’s ability to sequester carbon. BLOOM target that disease tolerant varieties will be 25% and 85% of new plantings by 2028 and 2030. 
NURTURING A HEALTHIER FUTURE Contributing to healthy and sustainable diets by supplying fresh and nutritious food to meet the needs of our growing global population is our priority. BLOOM is leading the development of new high antioxidant content grapes, to offer consumers new healthy snacking options. We will concentrate its efforts to raise awareness of table grapes consumption within a balanced diet. Our success also depends on our people, that's why we support the physical, social, and mental wellbeing of our employees, so they can thrive both at work and at home.
BUILDING THE FUTURE SUSTAINABLY BLOOM aims to achieve the most material ESG impact by identifying and addressing key impact areas that significantly affect the environment, economy, and well-being of communities worldwide. We delve into 3 pivotal impact areas that demand immediate attention: enhancing disease tolerance varieties, improving access to healthier choices for consumers, and enhancing natural breeding. By effectively addressing these areas, wecontribute to the creation of a more resilient and flourishing planet.GET IN TOUCH
CONTACT US Name Email Message I have read and accepted the Privacy Policy Send 
FOLLOW US Linkedin Facebook Instagram BLOOM FRESH™ 2023Terms of UseCookie Policy (EU)Privacy PolicyTax Strategy PolicySustainability Consent Management powered by Complianz | GDPR/CCPA Cookie Consent https://wordpress.org/plugins/complianz-gdpr Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. categories start Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. categories end Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title}Manage consent Statistics script Complianz GDPR/CCPA