JoinSHLMedicalin|SHLMedical

InOneSEOPack3.6.2ob_start_detected[-1,-1]

InOne SEO Pack 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

SHL at a glance 

- Patient Health and Independence 

- 

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Ecological Footprint
Patient Health and Independence

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Responsible Business Practices
Ecological Footprint
Patient Health and Independence

 <a href="javascript:;" class="_menu"><svg class="icon icon-search"><use xlink:href="#icon-search"></use></svg></a> 

Search

 <a class="language_zh" target="_blank" href="http://zh.shl.group/">中文</a> 

Virtual Tour
SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Virtual Tour
SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

 Breadcrumb NavXT 6.3.0 
Home / Join SHL /  

At SHL, we continuously strive to solidify our global standing. To that end, SHL Medical’s headquarters in Zug sets us further in growing our international presence.         

Here, you get the chance to work with people from all backgrounds – dynamic, driven, and competitive individuals working on one common goal. All of us at SHL share one aspiration – develop cutting-edge drug delivery solutions that help improve patient quality of life. 

At SHL, we continuously strive to solidify our global standing. To that end, SHL Medical’s headquarters in Zug sets us further in growing our international presence.         

Here, you get the chance to work with people from all backgrounds – dynamic, driven, and competitive individuals working on one common goal. 

SHL is a unique place to start an exciting career. An inclusive company, we value diversity in our workforce and the wealth of ideas it brings. Our cutting-edge drug delivery solutions directly improve the lives of end s.

All
Switzerland

All
Switzerland

Mar 29, 2024
Senior Process Quality Engineer

The Process Quality Engineer (PQE) is responsible for supporting new process development, automation equipment development and product transfer by applying quality engineering skills in compliance with medical devices industry standards and regulations. Sr PQE will handle projects and tasks, from product/process inception through product launch, scale-up, deployment, and retrofit projects. The Process QE will also be key in ensuring that Customer Requirement, Quality & Compliance requirements are constantly met including, but not limited to FDA Quality System Regulation 21 CFR Part 820, 21 CFR Part11, ISO 13485, ISO 14971, and applicable technical standards.Mar 28, 2024
Senior FP&A SpecialistZug Switzerland

Are you interested in being part of a successful growth story and ready to take on the challenge to support the Finance Excellence strategy? Are you passionate about understanding the business, building relationships and paying good attention to details without missing the overall target? Then, you should become part of our team in Zug and enjoy diversified working days with us in a unique setting of change, growth and plenty of opportunities. Mar 26, 2024

Provide excellence in Materials Analysis to improve process understanding, quality, and compliance of the products, efficiency, and capability of the processes, and profitability of the organization. Leading a team of four direct reports in Taiwan – team is set to be expanded beyond that. There will be travel to Taiwan involved, approx. 30-40%.Mar 23, 2024
Azure Senior AdministratorZug Switzerland

We are seeking a skilled Azure Senior Administrator to join our dynamic team. The ideal candidate will be responsible for managing and maintaining our Azure infrastructure, ensuring its security, reliability, and optimal performance. This role will involve collaborating with various global teams to design, implement, and support Azure-based solutions.Mar 22, 2024
Quality System SpecialistZug Switzerland

The position of Quality Systems Specialist is responsible for the compliance to all applicable regulations including cGMP. It is part of the leading quality assurance function for the Site Quality system. Actively provides guidance to multiple departments regarding compliance to the applicable SHL Site Quality and Regulatory procedures including applicable Agency policies and regulations. Job holder is directly involved in the establishment of Site procedures.Mar 19, 2024

Are you interested in being part of a successful growth story and ready to take on the challenge to support the Finance Excellence strategy? Are you motivated by pathing your way in a newly created role to become our Financial expert for our Operations/Manufacturing Sites? Are you passionate about understanding the business, building relationships and paying good attention to details without missing the overall target? Then, you should become part of our team in Zug and enjoy diversified working days with us in a unique setting of change, growth and plenty of opportunities.  Mar 19, 2024

Are you passionate about numbers and have a good attention to detail without missing the overall target? Do you have experience in a production business in automation or have an affinity to technical processes? Then you should become part of our team and enjoy diversified working days with us in a unique setting of change, growth and opportunities. We are looking for a highly motivated and engaged personality with independent working style.Mar 19, 2024
Senior Project AccountantZug Switzerland

We are looking for a highly motivated, hands-on and self-confident personality with independent working style and a solid level of resilience. In this role you will be a team member of the “Group Reporting & Accounting” department and reporting directly to the Accounting & Tax Senior Manager based in Zug/Switzerland.  Mar 13, 2024
Test Engineer - Mechanical EngineerZug Switzerland

The position of Testing Engineer performs the tasks during product development process of identifying and defining the right test equipment to use, developing test fixtures and methods upon the chosen equipment, and executing design characterization, assessment, and verification activities.

Further, the Testing Engineer contributes to the establishment of a modern testing lab and/or testing network, as well as center of excellences within the Global Testing and Simulation organization in the field of drug delivery systems.Mar 07, 2024
Local Human Resources Business PartnerZug Switzerland

The Senior SAP Specialist EAM / PP at SHL will facilitate and support the SAP Enterprise Assent Management and Production Planning solutions, as well as surrounded application to enable the relevant business processes to enhance our business functionality. This is a technical leadership role, requiring deep knowledge and understanding of SAP EAM and PP functional and technical capabilities, including industry best practice such as software testing methodologies etc.Feb 23, 2024
European Patent AttorneyZug Switzerland

This role will provide an opportunity to work with a global and cross-functional team on specific aspects of the innovation and patenting cycle across SHL’s activities. The European Patent Attorney will be responsible for prosecuting and managing a global patent portfolio including drafting patent applications in cooperation with outside patent counsels and acting as the European representative before the European Patent Office for European applicationsFeb 22, 2024
Senior Usability Engineer Research LeadZug Switzerland

As a Senior Usability Engineer Research Lead, specializing in Design Research, you will play a critical role in ensuring that our medical devices meet the standards of usability and user satisfaction. You will lead the design research activities with in SHL,Feb 21, 2024
Embedded System Firmware DeveloperZug Switzerland

The Firmware Engineer is a member of our Emerging Technology Development Team. In this position you develop the firmware/software of electro-mechanical drug delivery devices and take ownership for the end-to-end implementation as well as their integration with our cloud services. You ensure the consistency and quality of the solution within your work and when working with internal developers and external resources.Feb 19, 2024
Senior Design EngineerZug Switzerland

The Senior Design Engineer develops mechanical and electro-mechanical drug delivery devices for mass production in a quality management system compliant to US FDA QSR sub-system structure and ISO 13485 clauses. The Senior Design Engineer collaborates closely with systems engineers, project managers and subject matter experts from adjacent departments like process development, testing & simulation and quality. The scope of the development spans from ideation, over preliminary design, design implementation to design verification. Important aspects are innovation, requirements engineering, subsystem analysis and architecture, concept development and selection, design analysis, design for manufacturing and assembly and product specification.Jan 29, 2024

The PMO (Project Management Office) Analyst is responsible for supporting Head Global PMO in activities related to managing, analyzing, and tracking project portfolios and project management processes in line with the overall corporate strategy.Jan 26, 2024
Quality Engineer Program Management InternshipZug Switzerland

This is a 12-month Swiss-based role working within a Quality Engineering Programme Management team to identify ways of improving processes and their outputs at a global scale in a medical devices design and manufacturing environment that changes the life of millions of patients every day.Jan 25, 2024
Senior Quality Engineer Risk ManagementZug Switzerland

The Risk Leader is responsible for reviewing risk management-related topics within Design and Development Projects and participates in the development, implementation, and administration of SHL’s risk management processes. This is a Switzerland - based role that will work across the global organization and collaborate with stakeholders. The Senior Quality Engineer (Risk Management) will be expected to identify risks and drive mitigations in the multiple business processes, such as the design and development of medical device products, internal and external manufacturing process developments, transportation, and storage activities.Jan 11, 2024

LCA Automation AG is a global technology company that has been a member of SHL Medical AG since June of 2023. Our company has been developing and building custom production and testing systems since 1972. Located in Küssnacht am Rigi, we execute the commissioning process, dispatch them, and integrate them into the customers production process.Jan 04, 2024
Senior global Human Resources Business Partner - OperationsZug Switzerland

The Global HR Business Partner will support the COO organization, the largest BU in the company, located in Switzerland, Taiwan, Sweden and the US, by actively collaborating with line leaders to help shaping the business strategy, conduct organizational diagnoses to determine which capabilities are most critical, design and deliver HR interventions to accomplish the strategy.Dec 19, 2023
Senior DevOps and Cloud EngineerZug Switzerland

The Senior DevOps and Cloud Engineer shapes the architecture of our DevOps platform and takes ownership for the automating our build, test and deployment process and for the end-to-end implementation of cloud services. He or she develops, implements, optimizes, and maintains cloud-based solutions in accordance with best practices and company security policies. The Senior DevOps and Cloud Engineer ensures the reliability and quality according of the overall solution according to SLOs.Aug 31, 2023
Global Account ManagerZug Switzerland

As Global Account Manager, you are responsible for building and maintaining strong relationships with existing SHL Medical customers. You will be responsible for understanding their needs and expectations and ensuring their satisfaction with our products and services. After the development agreement is signed, you will be the customers’ main point of contact and will be responsible for negotiating the supply agreement, providing continuous customer support, initiating the execution of the supply agreement, and generating new business opportunities with the customer. 

user

search

Your browser is out-of-date!

Update your browser to view this website correctly. Update