SHLMedicalreturnstoCPHIJapan2024|SHLMedical

InOneSEOPack3.6.2ob_start_detected[-1,-1] 

In One SEO Pack 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

SHL at a glance 

- Patient Health and Independence 

- 

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Ecological Footprint
Patient Health and Independence

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Responsible Business Practices
Ecological Footprint
Patient Health and Independence

 <a href="javascript:;" class="_menu"><svg class="icon icon-search"><use xlink:href="#icon-search"></use></svg></a> 

Search

 <a class="language_zh" target="_blank" href="http://zh.shl.group/">中文</a> 

All

All

 Breadcrumb NavXT 6.3.0 
Home/ News /  /  returns to CPHI Japan 2024 

 returns to CPHI Japan 2024
Visit Booth #4T28 to learn about our Molly Connected Cap and modular platform autoinjectors

SHL Medical is pleased to announce our participation in CPHI Japan 2024 for the second year in a row. SHL will be exhibiting at Booth #4T28 from April 17-19 in Tokyo, Japan.

CPHI Japan is a leading pharmaceutical exhibition in the Asia-Pacific region, bringing together key supply chain players from research and development to manufacturing. Following our successful participation last year, we are excited to return to Tokyo to strengthen meaningful connections, re-introduce our comprehensive solutions, and explore new partnership opportunities in the Japanese market and beyond.

This year, our booth will spotlight the Molly® Connected Cap – our state-of-the-art offering to enhance the self-injection experience through digital connectivity. This smart add-on for our market-proven Molly® autoinjector is the latest testament to SHL’s commitment to innovation. Visit our booth to gain insights on the transformative journey of our Molly® offerings, our Maggie® 3.0 and 5.0 mL autoinjectors, and explore how SHL supports pharma and biotech companies in developing the next generation of combination products.

In addition, SHL Medical’s Nagisa Kobashi and will share their insights on how our Innovation Partnership program enhances our well-established Molly® autoinjector with digital capabilities. Don’t miss their presentation on at 10:45 AM JST!

We look forward to greeting you in Tokyo! Let us know if you’re interested in visiting our booth by clicking the button below.

From mechanical to digital: An Innovation Partnership program unleashes connectivity and data generation for the Molly® autoinjector

Product Manager, SHL Medical

April 18

10:45 AM  JSTTokyo Big Sight Hall 5, Room 5B

Jenny Chung

Account Manager APAC, SHL Medical

Where: Tokyo Big Sight, Tokyo, Japan | East Hall 4 | Booth #4T28

When: April 17-19, 2024

As a world-leading solutions provider of advanced drug delivery systems, SHL Medical is the partner of choice for many leading pharma and biotech companies. Driven by our company purpose – Enabling Patients’ Independence – we offer patient-centric solutions for the design, development, and manufacturing of autoinjectors, pen injectors, as well as innovative specialty delivery systems for large-volume and high-viscosity formulations. We also offer final assembly, labeling, and packaging solutions for our drug delivery systems.  ​

In response to the rising trend in home therapy, SHL has increased developmental work in the digital healthcare sector to help improve the drug delivery ecosystem. ​

Located across Switzerland, Taiwan, Sweden, and the US, our global team of experts collaborate seamlessly as one team in utilizing our comprehensive in-house manufacturing capabilities. Our solutions offer customization and optimization for each project while proactively weaving sustainability-driven measures into our designs and processes to contribute to a cleaner earth.​

For additional information, visit www.shl-medical.com

SHL Latest News
ten23 health® and SHL Medical announce a strategic partnership agreement for integrated servicesSHL Medical returns to CPHI Japan 2024SHL Medical joins DCAT Week 2024SHL Medical partners with SteriPack Group to set up final assembly serviceSHL Medical exhibits at SCbio 2024SHL Medical further strengthens vertical capabilities with the acquisition of US manufacturer Superior Tooling Inc.FUJIFILM Diosynth Biotechnologies and SHL Medical enter strategic partnership agreement to help meet growing market demand for autoinjector medicinesSHL Medical kicks off 2024 with participation in Pharmapack EuropeSHL wins big in continuous improvementAchieving low-carbon-emission medical devicesSHL Medical achieves EcoVadis® Silver Medal and sets ambitious science-based climate targetsSHL Medical’s climate targets officially approved by Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) 

SHL Medical

SHL Medical joins DCAT Week 2024 

SHL Medical experts gather at Suite #2302 Lexington Hotel New York, USA on March 18-21 for DCAT Week 2024

SHL Medical

SHL Medical exhibits at SCbio 2024 

SHL Medical is set to exhibit at the annual life science conference, SCbio 2024 – The Science of Success, on Feb 6-8 at Greenville, South Carolina, USA.

SHL Medical

SHL Medical kicks off 2024 with participation in Pharmapack Europe 

Visit Booth #D60 during Pharmapack Europe 2024 on January 24-25 and learn about SHL Medical’s Molly® Connected Cap, Innovation Partnership, and more!

search

Your browser is out-of-date!

Update your browser to view this website correctly. Update