SHLMedicalachievesEcoVadis®SilverMedalandapprovedbySBTi|SHLMedical

InOneSEO Pack 3.6.2ob_start_detected [-1,-1] 

In One SEO Pack 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

SHL at a glance 

- Patient Health and Independence 

- 

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Ecological Footprint
Patient Health and Independence

SHL at a glance
Who we are and what we do

Medtech & Industrial CDMO 

Responsible Business Practices
Ecological Footprint
Patient Health and Independence

 <a href="javascript:;" class="_menu"><svg class="icon icon-search"><use xlink:href="#icon-search"></use></svg></a> 

Search

 <a class="language_zh" target="_blank" href="http://zh.shl.group/">中文</a> 

All

All

 Breadcrumb NavXT 6.3.0 
Home / News / Sustainability /  achieves EcoVadis® Silver Medal and sets ambitious science-based climate targets 

 achieves EcoVadis® Silver Medal and sets ambitious science-based climate targets
 achieves EcoVadis® Silver Medal and sets ambitious science-based climate targets

SHL Medical, a world-leading provider of advanced drug delivery solutions, proudly announces receipt of the EcoVadis® Silver Medal for its sustainability performance, positioning the company in the top 8% globally within its industry. SHL Medical received further independent recognition for its sustainability efforts, as the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) has approved the company’s near-term emissions targets.

EcoVadis® Silver Rating validates SHL Medical’s sustainability performance

SHL’s outstanding EcoVadis® performance evaluation (69/100) reflects the company’s commitment and performance across all assessed areas: Environment, Labor and Human Rights, Ethics, and Sustainable Procurement. The result ranks SHL Medical in the top 8% in its industry, “manufacture of medical and dental instruments and supplies”, and in the top 25% of all companies globally.   

Taking bold actions towards a sustainable future – SHL Medical’s 2030 Sustainability Strategy

SHL Medical recently published its new sustainability strategy, which aims to deliver positive societal impact across three key areas: enabling patients’ independence and outcomes, reducing the ecological footprint, and ensuring responsible business practices.

“Our commitment towards sustainability is deeply ingrained in every facet of our operations”, says Ulrich Faessler, CEO of SHL Medical. “We are striving to be more transparent and accoun throughout our sustainability journey and I am proud to see independent recognition of our efforts so far, showing we are headed in the right direction. We know our responsibility extends beyond the immediate horizon, and we aim to contribute long-term value for society and the environment.”

SBTi approves SHL Medical’s climate targets

SBTi has approved SHL Medical’s ambitious science-based emissions-reduction targets for 2030. The confirmed near-term targets are:

SHL Medical commits to reduce absolute direct (Scope 1) and indirect (scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions by 42% by 2030 from a 2022 baseline year.
SHL Medical commits to reducing its indirect (scope 3) greenhouse gas emissions by at least 51.6% per Mio. units sold by 2030 from a 2022 baseline year.

EcoVadis was established in 2007 with the aim to help global businesses be more ethical, responsible, and sustainable. It has grown to become the world’s largest and most trusted provider of business sustainability ratings, creating a global network of more than 100,000+ rated companies. Learn more about EcoVadis

About the Science Based Target initiative (SBTi) 

The Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) is a global body enabling businesses to set ambitious emissions reductions targets in line with the latest climate science. It is focused on accelerating companies across the world to halve emissions before 2030 and achieve net-zero emissions before 2050.

The initiative is a collaboration between CDP, the United Nations Global Compact, World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) and one of the We Mean Business Coalition commitments. The SBTi defines and promotes best practices in science-based target setting, offers resources and guidance to reduce barriers to adoption, and independently assesses and approves companies’ targets. www.sciencebasedtargets.com

ContactDora RioGlobal Head of SustainabilityDora.rio@shl-medical.comPress ContactChristine Mueller External Communications Managerinfo@shl-medical.com

As a world-leading solutions provider of advanced drug delivery systems, SHL Medical is the partner of choice for many leading pharma and biotech companies. Driven by our company purpose – Enabling Patients’ Independence – we offer patient-centric solutions for the design, development, and manufacturing of autoinjectors, pen injectors, as well as innovative specialty delivery systems for large-volume and high-viscosity formulations. We also offer final assembly, labeling, and packaging solutions for our drug delivery systems.  ​

In response to the rising trend in home therapy, SHL has increased developmental work in the digital healthcare sector to help improve the drug delivery ecosystem. ​

Located across Switzerland, Taiwan, Sweden, and the US, our global team of experts collaborate seamlessly as one team in utilizing our comprehensive in-house manufacturing capabilities. Our solutions offer customization and optimization for each project while proactively weaving sustainability-driven measures into our designs and processes to contribute to a cleaner earth.​

For additional information, visit www.shl-medical.com

SHL Latest News
ten23 health® and SHL Medical announce a strategic partnership agreement for integrated servicesSHL Medical returns to CPHI Japan 2024SHL Medical joins DCAT Week 2024SHL Medical partners with SteriPack Group to set up final assembly serviceSHL Medical exhibits at SCbio 2024SHL Medical further strengthens vertical capabilities with the acquisition of US manufacturer Superior Tooling Inc.FUJIFILM Diosynth Biotechnologies and SHL Medical enter strategic partnership agreement to help meet growing market demand for autoinjector medicinesSHL Medical kicks off 2024 with participation in Pharmapack EuropeSHL wins big in continuous improvementAchieving low-carbon-emission medical devicesSHL Medical achieves EcoVadis® Silver Medal and sets ambitious science-based climate targetsSHL Medical’s climate targets officially approved by Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) 

SHL Medical

ten23 health® and SHL Medical announce a strategic partnership agreement for integrated services 

ten23 health®, a leading Swiss Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) for sterile drugs, and SHL Medical, a world-leading provider of drug delivery devices, today announced their strategic partnership.

SHL Medical

SHL Medical partners with SteriPack Group to set up final assembly service 

SHL Medical, a world-leading solutions provider of advanced drug delivery systems and SteriPack Group, renowned global supplier of secondary packing and final assembly services to the pharmaceutical industry, enter a non-exclusive strategic partnership.

SHL Medical

SHL Medical further strengthens vertical capabilities with the acquisition of US manufacturer Superior Tooling Inc. 

Continuing its ambitious growth journey, SHL Medical has acquired Superior Tooling Inc., a US-based manufacturing company specializing in plastic injection molds.

search

table

Your browser is out-of-date!

Update your browser to view this website correctly. Update