Team–Genera

DONOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot Word plugin v10.1.16

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

Leadership

Press

Producer and Landowner Information

Ben MascarelloChief Executive OfficerBen Mascarello serves as Chief Executive Officer of Genera. Ben has a 30-year track record of successful business development and executive leadership in manufacturing businesses and in management consulting. He brings extensive experience in driving growth, building highly effective teams and improving business results. Ben has broad experience in the packaging industry and has worked with several different private equity sponsors.Kelly TillerFounder and Chief Strategy OfficerDr. Kelly Tiller founded Genera in 2008 and grew it from a university spin-out to become North America’s largest vertically integrated biomaterials manufacturer, producing a range of agricultural fiber packaging and bioproducts from locally grown regenerative crops. Dr. Tiller spent the first 15 years of her career in academia as an agricultural and resource economist at the University of Tennessee. She is widely recognized as a visionary leader helping shape and advance the transition to a more circular bioeconomy and sustainable future, evidenced across her multiple congressional testimonies, federal advisory committee appointments, service on industry and academic advisory boards, and accolades spanning business, science, and leadership.Leslie DanielChief Financial OfficerAs CFO, Leslie is responsible for overall fiscal management. She is responsible for the day-to-day financial operations, the company’s capital planning strategies, identifying opportunities for cost reduction, and strengthening internal systems to support rapid growth. Daniel has spent the last 25 years working in nearly every aspect of finance in the pulp and packaging industry from controller to director of finance to vice president of finance.James DavidsonChief Commercial OfficerJames Davidson is responsible for development and execution of the company’s commercial strategy and rapid expansion plans creating value for customers by helping them move toward natural, sustainable products while furthering their progress toward Net Zero commitments. He has spent the last 20+ years in progressive packaging industry leadership roles driving growth, working across functions including sales, marketing and commercial excellence, operations, and product development. Jeff HargraveVice President, Operations Jeff Hargrave has 30 years of pulp and paper industry experience working at various levels of mill operational roles across a wide span of product lines. At every point in his career, Jeff has delivered consistent, sustaining results in all aspects of operations management. He is known for rehabilitating struggling mills, developing people and building great teams, and setting clear concise expectations. Jeff’s leadership approach improved employee safety, product performance and productivity of all the operations he was responsible for managing.Sam JacksonVice President, Feedstocks and Supply ChainSam Jackson provides leadership for Genera’s supply chain, corporate strategy, sustainability initiatives, corporate communications and identity, and company stakeholder interactions. His career has focused on developing sustainable and economical biomass solutions for a variety of products. He earned a PhD in natural resources from the University of Tennessee.David van der LindenVice President, Capital ProjectsDavid van der Linden leads the Capital Projects group, accountable for the execution of a suite of expansion projects at Vonore, TN and future sites. He has over 30 years of broad international project experience in infrastructure, refining, petrochemical, mining and medical device industries. David has a Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering (Hons) from Monash University, Australia.Matt GriswoldVice President, InnovationMatt Griswold leads Genera’s innovation activities related to molded fiber manufacturing and product development. Matt has broad experience in the biomass and molded fiber industries, previously serving as a member of the management team of MxG Fiber and Aloterra. Matt’s research and development efforts led to several commercial product lines based on Miscanthus. Cory WiedrichSenior Vice President, PeopleCory has 25 years of transformational global HR leadership experience in private-equity and publicly traded manufacturing, energy and service businesses. He has led HR for large multinational businesses with dozens of manufacturing plants and as many as 8,000 employees under his care. Cory has broad experience in the sustainable packaging and renewables industries and has partnered effectively with business leaders throughout his career in driving growth and building high-performing teams.

Close product quick view×

Want to make a positive impact? Take the next step with Genera products or land partnership.

I'm Interested In:(Required) Your Message:(Required)EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

All Content © 2023 Genera Inc. | info@generainc.com | Privacy Policy | Site Design by New Frame Creative

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript)