TopbiofuelspublicationnamesGenerato elite annual industry list – Genera

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot Word plugin v10.1.16

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

Press

Producer and Landowner Information

Top biofuels publication names Genera to elite annual industry list

Top biofuels publication names Genera to elite annual industry listSam Jackson2021-03-01T02:09:53+00:00

Top biofuels publication names Genera to elite annual industry list

Top biofuels publication names Genera to elite annual industry list
Biofuels Digest recognizes sustainable packaging innovator in list of 50 Hottest Companies in the Advanced Bioeconomy for 2020

VONORE, Tenn. – Jan. 17, 2020 – Genera, an East Tennessee-based company that manufactures domestically sourced and produced ag-based pulp and molded fiber products, has been named to the international 50 Hottest Companies in the Advanced Bioeconomy list in Biofuels Digest, the most widely read bioeconomy daily in the world.

The annual list is compiled based on votes from a panel of international experts and Biofuels Digest’s 4 million readers. The rankings, held every year since 2008, take into account innovation and achievement in fuel, chemicals, materials, advanced foods, genetics, advanced biological and process engineering and integrated biorefinery development.

Genera was included on the Biofuels Digest list in recognition of its growth with the Earthable® line of sustainable, ag-based fiber products, including 100% compostable foodservice products that are alternatives to polystyrene food packaging and household products. When full production launches at Genera’s East Tennessee facility in 2020, Earthable® will be the largest fully integrated domestic solution for ag-based fiber and food-grade packaging in the United States.

Genera, a Tennessee-based agricultural fiber product manufacturer, works to simplify supply chains with domestically sourced and produced ag-based pulp and molded fiber products. Partnering with local farmers, Genera provides a sustainable farm-to-finished product solution for a wide array of applications including compostable food service tableware, to-go containers, packaging, paper, tissue, and more. To learn more about Genera, please visit https://generainc.com.

Close product quick view×

Want to make a positive impact? Take the next step with Genera products or land partnership.

I'm Interested In:(Required) Your Message:(Required)PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

All Content © 2023 Genera Inc. | info@generainc.com | Privacy Policy | Site Design by New Frame Creative

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript)