

1_BLOOMFRESHGLOBAL-COM-ABOU

html Search Engine Optimization by Rank Math - https://rankmath.com/ About - BLOOM FRESH /Rank Math WordPress SEO plugin Google tag (gtag.js) Skip to content HomeAbout usInnovationVarietiesGrapesCherriesNewsContact 

We strive to create a better world – a fruit industry that is productive, accessible, global, and sustainable, where we can all enjoy healthy, surprising, and delicious experiences.

Through our natural breeding techniques, we enhance the diversity of fruit varieties, increasing their resistance to diseases, boosting productivity, and enabling them to thrive on a global scale. Contact Us 
Our Mission We are the global leader of fruit innovation, using natural and non-GMO new breeding practices, for a healthier, tastier, and more sustainable future for growers and consumers worldwide.

We strive to be the world’s preferred fruit breeder and leader in agrotechnology. Nonconformity is one of our non-negotiable values. We will continue expanding our innovation in all our actions and products.  We believe that building a better, tastier and more sustainable world for all is in our hands.

The world would be a better place if everyone could…Have a more productive, more accessible, more global and more sustainable fruit industry with which we can all enjoy healthy, surprising and, of course, delicious experiences. ABOUT US
OUR VALUES 
Innovation The companies we have merged have been leaders and pioneers in natural breeding. Now our innovation will go even further.
Nonconformism Innovation is in our DNA and wouldn’t be possible without our unwavering commitment to continuous improvement and our relentless pursuit of quality in every action we undertake.
Sustainability We develop new resistant, productive, and adaptable varieties. This implies a reduction in the use of pesticides or the optimization of irrigation systems, among other benefits for the environment.

Our success is the success of our growers. We work with them transparently and closely, joining forces to empower them and achieve the best results together.
FLAVORFUL & HEALTHY JOY We offer a wide range of varieties and possibilities to discover unique and surprising sensory experiences. Consumers can enjoy our products in a healthy way. Contact Us INTERNATIONAL PRESENCE

Spanning the globe, BLOOM FRESH™ takes pride in its diverse international presence. With a global network of operations, our commitment to excellence resonates across various regions. 

Embracing cultural diversity and fostering sustainable practices, BLOOM FRESH is not just a brand; it’s a flavorful journey that transcends borders, connecting communities and cultivating a truly international experience in every bite.United StatesCanadaMexicoSpainPortugalGermanyFranceUnited KingdomNigeriaSouth AfricaEgyptChinaIndiaJapanAustraliaNew Zealand
Subscribe to our newsletter Name Email legal I have read and accepted the Privacy Policy Send GET IN TOUCH
CONTACT US Name Email Message I have read and accepted the Privacy Policy Send 
FOLLOW US Linkedin Facebook Instagram BLOOM FRESH™ 2023Terms of UseCookie Policy (EU)Privacy PolicyTax Strategy PolicySustainability Consent Management powered by Complianz | GDPR/CCPA Cookie Consent https://wordpress.org/plugins/complianz-gdpr Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. categories start Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. categories end Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title}Manage consent Statistics script Complianz GDPR/CCPA



2_BLOOMFRESHGLOBAL-COM-RD

html Search Engine Optimization by Rank Math - https://rankmath.com/ R&D - BLOOM FRESH /Rank Math WordPress SEO plugin Google tag (gtag.js) Skip to content HomeAbout usInnovationVarietiesGrapesCherriesNewsContact 

The companies we have merged have been leaders and pioneers in natural breeding. Now our innovation will go even further. We have created the largest team of experts working globally in synergy to maximize our potential for breeding new varieties. Contact Us INNOVATION
R&D Through our natural breeding techniques, we enhance the diversity of fruit varieties, increasing their resistance to diseases, boosting productivity, and enabling them to thrive on a global scale. + 25 Varietes 30 %+ Productive 10 %+ Climate tolerance Contact Us 

We are committed to taking the development of table grapes to the next level, and our vision extends beyond conventional production.

Each new variety introduced by our team brings innovative characteristics and attributes valued by consumers, generating significant interest that drives sales.

We are focused on increasing antioxidant content to further enhance the healthy benefits of seedless grapes, introducing tolerance and natural resistance to diseases to reduce the need for pesticides, and, of course, exploring new and exciting flavor profiles to delight grape enthusiasts. 

Pioneering Flavor InnovationBLOOM FRESH™ has fearlessly elevated the table grape dining experience by crafting delectable new varieties through natural breeding practices. We’ve captivated consumers with extraordinary fruit, sparking a revolution in the fruit market. Our leadership team and global network of on-the-ground experts provide an unparalleled level of expertise and support to our world-class growers worldwide.GET IN TOUCH
CONTACT US Name Email Message I have read and accepted the Privacy Policy Send 
FOLLOW US Linkedin Facebook Instagram BLOOM FRESH™ 2023Terms of UseCookie Policy (EU)Privacy PolicyTax Strategy PolicySustainability Consent Management powered by Complianz | GDPR/CCPA Cookie Consent https://wordpress.org/plugins/complianz-gdpr Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. categories start Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. categories end Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title}Manage consent Statistics script Complianz GDPR/CCPA



3_BLOOMFRESHGLOBAL-COM-PRODUC

html Search Engine Optimization by Rank Math - https://rankmath.com/ Products Archive - BLOOM FRESH /Rank Math WordPress SEO plugin Google tag (gtag.js) Skip to content HomeAbout usInnovationVarietiesGrapesCherriesNewsContact 
HEALTHY AND PRODUCTIVE VARIETIES FOR EVERYONE 

BLOOM FRESH™ is transforming varieties with cutting-edge developments. Our committed team ensures exceptional expertise and service, aligning with our remarkable product selection.

From low to high chill varieties, we expand global production. Explore our diverse collection by clicking on your preferred option. Elevate your experience with BLOOM FRESH™. Download catalogue Aboutxml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"? Grapesxml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"? Cherriesxml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"? R&Dxml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"? 
 GRAPES VARIETIES Download Harvest Calendar 
Candy Crunch
IFG TWENTY Know more 
Sweet Sapphire
IFG SIX Know more 
Candy Dreams
IFG TWENTY-TWO Know more 
Gracenote
IFG THIRTY Know more 
Sweet Favors
IFG SIXTEEN Know more 
Sweet Joy Know more 
Sweet Enchantment
IFG EIGHT Know more 
Sweet Magic
IFG TWENTY-FIVE Know more 
Candy Drops
IFG TWENTY-THREE Know more 
Candy Snaps
IFG FORTY-ONE Know more Load more 
 CHERRIES VARIETIES Download Harvest Calendar 
Cherry Cupid
IFG CHER - TEN Know more 
Cherry Char
IFG CHER - NINE Know more 
Cherry Nebula
IFG CHER - EIGHT Know more 
Cherry Moon
IFG CHER - SEVEN Know more 
Cherry Glow
IFG CHER - SIX Know more 
Cherry Treat
IFG CHER - FIVE Know more 
Cherry Blush
IFG CHER - FOUR Know more 
Cherry Crunch
IFG CHER -THREE Know more 
Cherry Burst
IFG CHER -TWO Know more 
Cherry Grand
IFG CHER -ONE Know more Load more BLOOM FRESH™ 2023Terms of UseCookie Policy (EU)Privacy PolicyTax Strategy PolicySustainability Consent Management powered by Complianz | GDPR/CCPA Cookie Consent https://wordpress.org/plugins/complianz-gdpr Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. categories start Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. categories end Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title}Manage consent Statistics script Complianz GDPR/CCPA



4_BLOOMFRESHGLOBAL-COM-NE

html Search Engine Optimization by Rank Math - https://rankmath.com/ News - BLOOM FRESH /Rank Math WordPress SEO plugin Google tag (gtag.js) Skip to content HomeAbout usInnovationVarietiesGrapesCherriesNewsContact NEWS 
Lastest News December 15, 2023
20 Years of the Cotton Candy Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, Read more December 15, 2023
Breeding Efforts Affected by Climate Change sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam. Read more December 15, 2023
How fruit breeding Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam Read more May 4, 2023
Fruit breeder undergoes digital transformation Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam Read more 
Subscribe to our newsletter Name Email legal I have read and accepted the Privacy Policy Send GET IN TOUCH
CONTACT US Name Email Message I have read and accepted the Privacy Policy Send 
FOLLOW US Linkedin Facebook Instagram BLOOM FRESH™ 2023Terms of UseCookie Policy (EU)Privacy PolicyTax Strategy PolicySustainability Consent Management powered by Complianz | GDPR/CCPA Cookie Consent https://wordpress.org/plugins/complianz-gdpr Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. categories start Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. categories end Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title}Manage consent Statistics script Complianz GDPR/CCPA



5_BLOOMFRESHGLOBAL-COM-SUSTAINABILITY

html Search Engine Optimization by Rank Math - https://rankmath.com/ Sustainability - BLOOM FRESH /Rank Math WordPress SEO plugin Google tag (gtag.js) CONTACT 
Sustainability As part of AMFRESH group, our mission is to advance a new horizon of sustainable fresh food-growing for healthy, natural nutrition for a global population.
At BLOOM FRESH we believe the world deserves better.
We’re committed to finding sustainable ways to produce our food more efficiently. Across our own breeding and licensing operations and our supply chains, we’re working to ensure we uphold and advance human rights.
In everything we do, we aim to deliver a positive impact for farmers, workers, communities, consumers, partners and the world.
We look into the future with the commitment of a better tomorrow. Green varietyxml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"? The ChallengeThe Influence
THE ENVIRONMENTAL CHALLENGE OF AGRICULTURE Agriculture’s key challenge is reducing greenhouse gas emission and use of water, as well as promoting healthy ecosystems and soil’s biodiversity. In that context, table grapes production has potential for improvement on the use of phytosanitary products, water and emission of greenhouse gases. 0 %of global greenhouse gas emissions1 0 %of global freshwater withdrawals is used for agriculture2 10 %of global ocean and freshwater eutrophication (pollution of waterways with nutrient-rich pollutants) is cause by agriculture3

Our approach to Sustainable Agriculture covers three key areas: Soil Health, Fertilizer Reduction, and Water Stewardship.1. https://www.science.org/doi/10.1126/science.aaq0216, 2. https://www.fao.org/3/i1688e/i1688e.pdf 3. https://www.science.org/doi/10.1126/science.aaq0216
HABILITY TO INFLUENCE Compared to the rest of the fruit industry, table grapes perform well in terms of land usage, nutritional value, food waste and nitrogen usage, but underperform in water and fungicide intensity. In the pursuit of a sustainable future, our breeding efforts focus on fungicide reduction where BLOOM will have the greatest impact over the next 10 years. Our goal is to convert existing licensed varieties to disease tolerant grape varieties in order to lower fungicide usage, consequently improving soil health, lowering water consumption and reducing residues on table grapes.
IMPACT TARGET AND OUTCOME In addition to fundamental consumer desire traits such as flavor and taste, BLOOM is leading the development of disease tolerant varieties reducing the need of fungicides. Those varieties have shown to reduce the need for phytosanitary products applications, on average, by >[70]% implying a reduced number of chemical sprays from 15-30 to less than [6-7] per season, depending of the level of resistance and tolerance of each variety. BLOOM natural breeding program is continuously incorporating responsible tolerant genes against Powdery Mildew and Downey Mildew into the hybrids to ensure solid and sustainable tolerant traits. Disease tolerant varieties will replace non-disease ones in the next years, lowering need for chemicals without impacting agricultural yield and improving soil’s ability to sequester carbon. BLOOM target that disease tolerant varieties will be 25% and 85% of new plantings by 2028 and 2030. 
NURTURING A HEALTHIER FUTURE Contributing to healthy and sustainable diets by supplying fresh and nutritious food to meet the needs of our growing global population is our priority. BLOOM is leading the development of new high antioxidant content grapes, to offer consumers new healthy snacking options. We will concentrate its efforts to raise awareness of table grapes consumption within a balanced diet. Our success also depends on our people, that's why we support the physical, social, and mental wellbeing of our employees, so they can thrive both at work and at home.
BUILDING THE FUTURE SUSTAINABLY BLOOM aims to achieve the most material ESG impact by identifying and addressing key impact areas that significantly affect the environment, economy, and well-being of communities worldwide. We delve into 3 pivotal impact areas that demand immediate attention: enhancing disease tolerance varieties, improving access to healthier choices for consumers, and enhancing natural breeding. By effectively addressing these areas, wecontribute to the creation of a more resilient and flourishing planet.GET IN TOUCH
CONTACT US Name Email Message I have read and accepted the Privacy Policy Send 
FOLLOW US Linkedin Facebook Instagram BLOOM FRESH™ 2023Terms of UseCookie Policy (EU)Privacy PolicyTax Strategy PolicySustainability Consent Management powered by Complianz | GDPR/CCPA Cookie Consent https://wordpress.org/plugins/complianz-gdpr Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. categories start Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. categories end Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title}Manage consent Statistics script Complianz GDPR/CCPA



6_BLOOMFRESHGLOBAL-COM-TAX-STRATEGY-POLICY

html Search Engine Optimization by Rank Math - https://rankmath.com/ Tax Strategy Policy - BLOOM FRESH /Rank Math WordPress SEO plugin Google tag (gtag.js) Skip to content HomeAbout usInnovationVarietiesGrapesCherriesNewsContact 
TAX STRATEGY POLICY 
Bloom Fresh International Limited Tax Strategy This statement is prepared in accordance with the requirements of Part 2, schedule 19 of the Finance Act 2016 in relation to the Financial Year end of 31st August 2023 and is applicable to Bloom Fresh International Limited and all its Affiliates (the “Group”). This statement which is approved by the Board of Directors of Bloom Fresh International Limited, sets out the policy and approach to managing Tax Compliance and the Tax Risks of Bloom Fresh International Ltd and all subsidiaries in the UK and Overseas.
Approach to UK Tax Risk Management and Governance The Group’s approach to Tax Risk Management and Governance is embedded within our Company Values. We believe that Corporate Social Responsibility is key in all areas of our business and especially in our dealings with Tax Risk Management and Governance. We believe it is our responsibility to fairly contribute taxation where required and we have no intention of following a Tax Strategy that could question the Group’s reputation or damage its standing in our marketplaces. Our policy on taxation delivers clear guidance to be used as a framework for tax decision making. Internal reporting is staffed by qualified accountants, with experience which supports compliance with our taxation policy, and ensures that management attention is given to this important area. Staff are provided with regular training to ensure they are abreast of changes in regulations and where doubt exists external taxation specialists will be tasked with ensuring compliance. We have put in place measures to follow Transfer Pricing Policy and follow Base Erosion and Profit-Sharing regulations. This ensures that all intercompany transactions are carried out as if at arm’s length with a 3rd party. Our systems and controls are built around our use of our Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system. We ensure our ERP system is frequently updated, and that all rates and calculations the system performs are monitored and reviewed to ensure they are compliant. The Group’s largest tax risk exists in transactions outside of the day-to-day trading, and professional taxation expertise will always be sought to ensure compliance.
Attitude towards Tax Planning The principal purpose of our tax planning is to support a commercial outcome for our activities. We seek to comply with the laws and regulations in place in the UK and all Overseas territories in which we operate, and to ensure that our tax liability properly reflects the economic reality of our activities.
We aim to base our tax decisions on the best available advice. If we encounter new business opportunities that could expose us to unfamiliar areas for our Tax Planning, we will look to seek external Taxation Planning advice.
Acceptable Tax Risk As a Group we minimise all Taxation Risk where possible. This prudent behaviour matches our Accounting Principles and ties in with our Company Values. We work closely with HMRC and the rest of Tax Administrations in all the countries where we operate and our Customer Compliance Manager (CCM) to ensure that we minimise any risk and continue to meet the Business Risk Review Criteria, so we maintain our low-risk status defined by the mentioned Tax Administrations.
Working with HMRC Part of our Taxation Strategy is to have open and transparent relationships with HMRC and our CCM. We ensure we communicate clearly with HMRC and are proactive with our communication. We ensure we communicate any material uncertainties with HMRC at the earliest opportunity. Any area where we have doubts or require clarification, we will contact our CCM or HMRC by any of the various methods to resolve our queries. BLOOM FRESH™ 2023Terms of UseCookie Policy (EU)Privacy PolicyTax Strategy PolicySustainability Consent Management powered by Complianz | GDPR/CCPA Cookie Consent https://wordpress.org/plugins/complianz-gdpr Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. categories start Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. categories end Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title}Manage consent Statistics script Complianz GDPR/CCPA



7_BLOOMFRESHGLOBAL-COM

html Search Engine Optimization by Rank Math - https://rankmath.com/ Welcome - BLOOM FRESH /Rank Math WordPress SEO plugin Google tag (gtag.js) CONTACT Play Video 
BREEDING A HEALTHIER AND TASTIER FUTURE 

We strive to create a better world – a fruit industry that is productive, accessible, global, and sustainable, where we can all enjoy healthy, surprising, and delicious experiences.

Through our natural breeding techniques, we enhance the diversity of fruit varieties, increasing their resistance to diseases, boosting productivity, and enabling them to thrive on a global scale.

Join us in our vision 

Contact 
MISSION We are the global leader of fruit innovation, using natural and non-GMO new breeding practices, for a healthier, tastier, and more sustainable future for growers and consumers worldwide.
Vision We strive to be the world’s preferred fruit breeder and leader in agrotechnology.
Values 
Innovation The companies we have merged have been leaders and pioneers in natural breeding. Now our innovation will go even further. We have created the largest team of experts working globally in synergy to maximize our potential for breeding new varieties. 
Nonconformism Innovation is in our DNA and wouldn’t be possible without our unwavering commitment to continuous improvement and our relentless pursuit of quality in every action we undertake. 
Sustainability We develop new resistant, productive and adaptable varieties. This implies a reduction in the use of pesticides or the optimization of irrigation systems, among other benefits for the environment. 
Unity Our success is the success of our growers. We work with them transparently and closely, joining forces to empower them and achieve the best results together. 
Flavorful & healthy joy We offer a wide range of varieties and possibilities to discover unique and surprising sensory experiences. Consumers can enjoy our products in a healthy way. 

Cherries 
Say hello to our biggest innovation yet 
SUSTAINABILITY GET IN TOUCH
CONTACT US Name Email Message I have read and accepted the Privacy Policy Send 
FOLLOW US Linkedin Facebook Instagram Linkedin Facebook Instagram BLOOM FRESH™ 2023Terms of UseCookie Policy (EU)Privacy PolicyTax Strategy PolicySustainability Consent Management powered by Complianz | GDPR/CCPA Cookie Consent https://wordpress.org/plugins/complianz-gdpr Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. categories start Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. categories end Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title}Manage consent 
GRAPES 
GRAPES Statistics script Complianz GDPR/CCPA LIBRARIES ANIMATION FILE SWIPPER <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/swiper@10/swiper-bundle.min.css" /> <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/swiper@10/swiper-bundle.min.js"></script> <script> if (!location.pathname.includes('wp-admin')) {
 function wrapSwipers() {
 const container = document.querySelector('.swipperme');
 let wrapped = `<div class="swiper mySwiper" style="max-width:100%;width: 100%;"><div class="swiper-wrapper" style="max-width:100%">${container.innerHTML}</div><div class="swiper-button-prev"></div><div class="swiper-button-next"></div></div>`;

 function swipperInit() {
 var swiper = new Swiper(".mySwiper", {

 on: {
 realIndexChange: (swiper) => {

 } </script>



8_BLOOMFRESHGLOBAL-COM-PRIVACY-POLICY

html Search Engine Optimization by Rank Math - https://rankmath.com/ Privacy Policy - BLOOM FRESH /Rank Math WordPress SEO plugin Google tag (gtag.js) Skip to content HomeAbout usInnovationVarietiesGrapesCherriesNewsContact 

This privacy policy sets out how Bloom Fresh uses and protects any information that you give Bloom Fresh when you use this website.Bloom Fresh is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.Bloom Fresh may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from April 2012.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:

• Name and job title• Contact information including email address• Other information relevant to job applications such as CVs.
What we do with the information we gather We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: 
Internal record keeping We may use the information to improve our products and services. When supplying information for the purpose of a Job Application, we may hold information provided to us by you on our records, to ensure that we maximise our opportunity to recruit the best individuals into our business. This information will be held in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, and will be destroyed accordingly. 
Security We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. 
How we use cookies A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. 
Links to other websites Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. 
Controlling your personal information We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to: 
HR Department 0-78 York Way, Unit A, London, England, N1 9AG. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. BLOOM FRESH™ 2023Terms of UseCookie Policy (EU)Privacy PolicyTax Strategy PolicySustainability Consent Management powered by Complianz | GDPR/CCPA Cookie Consent https://wordpress.org/plugins/complianz-gdpr Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. categories start Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. categories end Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title}Manage consent Statistics script Complianz GDPR/CCPA



9_BLOOMFRESHGLOBAL-COM-TERMS-OF-USE

html Search Engine Optimization by Rank Math - https://rankmath.com/ Terms Of Use - BLOOM FRESH /Rank Math WordPress SEO plugin Google tag (gtag.js) Skip to content HomeAbout usInnovationVarietiesGrapesCherriesNewsContact 

The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:

The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice. This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences.

Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose.

You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.

Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.

This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.

All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website. Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.

From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s). Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales. BLOOM FRESH™ 2023Terms of UseCookie Policy (EU)Privacy PolicyTax Strategy PolicySustainability Consent Management powered by Complianz | GDPR/CCPA Cookie Consent https://wordpress.org/plugins/complianz-gdpr Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. categories start Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. categories end Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title}Manage consent Statistics script Complianz GDPR/CCPA



10_BLOOMFRESHGLOBAL-COM-COOKIE-POLICY-EU

html Search Engine Optimization by Rank Math - https://rankmath.com/ Cookie Policy (EU) - BLOOM FRESH /Rank Math WordPress SEO plugin Google tag (gtag.js) Skip to content HomeAbout usInnovationVarietiesGrapesCherriesNewsContact 
COOKIE POLICY 
About this cookie policy This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are and how we use them. You should read this policy to understand what cookies are, how we use them, the types of cookies we use i.e, the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used and how to control the cookie preferences. For further information on how we use, store and keep your personal data secure, see our Privacy Policy. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Your consent applies to the following domains: Bloomfreshglobal.com
What are cookies ?

Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information. The cookies are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser. These cookies help us make the website function properly, make the website more secure, provide better user experience, and understand how the website performs and to analyze what works and where it needs improvement.
How do we use cookies ? As most of the online services, our website uses cookies first-party and third-party cookies for a number of purposes. The first-party cookies are mostly necessary for the website to function the right way, and they do not collect any of your personally identifiable data. The third-party cookies used on our websites are used mainly for understanding how the website performs, how you interact with our website, keeping our services secure, providing advertisements that are relevant to you, and all in all providing you with a better and improved user experience and help speed up your future interactions with our website.
What types of cookies do we use ?

Essential: Some cookies are essential for you to be able to experience the full functionality of our site. They allow us to maintain user sessions and prevent any security threats. They do not collect or store any personal information. For example, these cookies allow you to log-in to your account and add products to your basket and checkout securely.Statistics: These cookies store information like the number of visitors to the website, the number of unique visitors, which pages of the website have been visited, the source of the visit etc. These data help us understand and analyze how well the website performs and where it needs improvement.Marketing: Our website displays advertisements. These cookies are used to personalize the advertisements that we show to you so that they are meaningful to you. These cookies also help us keep track of the efficiency of these ad campaigns.The information stored in these cookies may also be used by the third-party ad providers to show you ads on other websites on the browser as well.Functional: These are the cookies that help certain non-essential functionalities on our website. These functionalities include embedding content like videos or sharing contents on the website on social media platforms.Preferences: These cookies help us store your settings and browsing preferences like language preferences so that you have a better and efficient experience on future visits to the website.
How can I control the cookie preferences ?

Should you decide to change your preferences later through your browsing session, you can click on the “Privacy & Cookie Policy” tab on your screen. This will display the consent notice again enabling you to change your preferences or withdraw your consent entirely.In addition to this, different browsers provide different methods to block and delete cookies used by websites. You can change the settings of your browser to block/delete the cookies. To find out more out more on how to manage and delete cookies, visit wikipedia.org, www.allaboutcookies.org. BLOOM FRESH™ 2023Terms of UseCookie Policy (EU)Privacy PolicyTax Strategy PolicySustainability Consent Management powered by Complianz | GDPR/CCPA Cookie Consent https://wordpress.org/plugins/complianz-gdpr Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. categories start Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. categories end Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title}Manage consent Statistics script Complianz GDPR/CCPA

