|Solutionsforinnovativeopticalapplications

MetalensPrototyping
OpticalDesign&Testing

OpticalElements& Components

ISO 9001 Certification
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)

Metalens Prototyping
Optical Design & Testing

Optical Elements & Components

ISO 9001 Certification
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)

Close this search box.

Optical Applications

We create innovative optical solutions that ensure competitive advantages to optical applications in devices and products. Our key markets are the following:

3D sensing is a key technology in new applications as face recognition, gesture sensing and autonomous vehicles. It is a broad topic including techniques as stereo vision, structured light and time-of-flight. 

NILT specializes in active components for 3D sensing applications. Our core focus are design elements such as DOE or metalenses, DOE diffusers and fan-out gratings for flood and dot projectors, as well DOE or metalenses for receiver optics.

Key areas are Time of Flight  (ToF) and Structured Light (SL)

Many devices in our everyday life require optical sensors, for example mobile phones, displays and wearables. A key requirement for sensors in consumer electronics is high signal to noise ratio, low battery consumption, and compact size.

Thin optics based on diffractive optics or metalenses are ideal for applications in consumer electronics. NILT has long experience with product development for consumer electronics. Flexibility, quick turn-around times, and a Mass Production mind-set, are key attributes to successfully develop and produce optical solutions for consumer electronics products.

We are your partner throughout the whole journey, from idea to design and production of the optical part. We supply design, prototyping and manufacturing services.  

For several years, NIL Technology has delivered masters for augmented and mixed reality (AR/MR) to some of the biggest companies in the industry.

Augmented & mixed reality (AR/MR) refers to interactive experiences of a real-world environment, with overlaid computer-generated information. In more advanced cases, the interactive experiences also interact with the real-world environment.

To create full AR/MR experiences, it is necessary to use a head-mounted display or glasses with integrated and advanced see-through displays that have depth mapping sensors to map the real-world environment.

NILT offers masters and sub-masters for generating see-through displays, made of surface relief waveguides. More, we have optical elements, components, and modules for depth mapping, realized by advanced diffractive optical technologies.  

Automotive, robotics and IoT 

NILT develops innovative optical sensing solutions that ensure competitive advantages to sensors and its performance, size, and weight

The industry of automotive vehicles is highly innovative, and the development of self-driving cars, in-cabin monitoring, and surveillance of car exteriors is accelerating vastly. In automotive vehicles, you find a great number of sensors, automotive sensors that keep track of almost everything that happens inside and outside a vehicle.

Sensors in automotive vehicles, require highly accurate and reliable optics that are both compact and light. The optics, on the other hand, operate with numerous different wavelengths, from visible to near-infrared (NIR) and shortwave infrared (SWIR). Lidars, high precision laser sensors that detect fixed and moving objects, make use of both NIR and SWIR. It is a specific example of advanced optics for automotive vehicles that NILT is specializing on.

Robotics, machine vision and Internet of Things require optics to provide a great number of functions and performance. NILTs dedicated engagement with consumer electronics and automotive makes our optical capabilities and solutions very relevant to these application areas.

Get in touch with us

...and we'll get back to you as soon as possible.

 First Name Last Name Company Phone Email 

© NIL TECHNOLOGY – 2024

 +45 3111 1797 [email protected] 

[if IE]><script src="//www.nilt.com/wp-content/cache/wpfc-minified/2e4grvm7/e71w4.js" id="astra-flexibility-js"></script><![endif]

 WP Fastest Cache file was created in 2.2629499435425 seconds, on 14-03-24 1:59:02