us|Meetourteamofnanoimprintexperts|NIL

MetalensPrototyping
OpticalDesign&Testing

OpticalElements&Components

ISO9001Certification
CorporateSocialResponsibility(CSR)

MetalensPrototyping
OpticalDesign&Testing

OpticalElements&Components

Technology

ISO9001Certification
CorporateSocialResponsibility(CSR)

Closethissearchbox.

About

NILTechnologyApS(NILT)isanoptical solutions company designing, developing, and manufacturing optical elements and components using high-precision nanoscale features. 

NILT is recognized as a leading supplier of advanced nanostructured masters for various replication technologies, including nanoimprint, UV-replication, hot embossing, roll printing, and injection molding.

In 2019, NILT was named one of the 25 top European IoT and hardware start-ups to watch. In 2022, NILT was selected from more than 3,000 candidates to be part of the EIC ScalingUp program, a project by the European Innovation Council for the most promising deep-tech companies in Europe. In March 2023, NILT was again selected to join the list of the Top 50 European tech companies with the biggest potential for high growth. 

NILT has a long history of participating in national and European-funded research projects where we work with academic institutions and industry leaders to develop nanotechnology solutions for the present and future.

Ensuring excellence is about knowledge, experience, and competencies. We strive to deliversuperiority and quality in everything we do. Consequently, excellence is one of our core values.As a global market leader, NILT is committed to ensuring excellence by providing solutions that meetevery customer’s expectations. We have a profound technical understanding of nano-lithographicprocesses, and we develop fabrications in state-of-the-art silicon processing cleanrooms.By working with NILT, you are ensured that excellence is a value that we always endeavor to deliver.

“Excellence is rooted in the enthusiasm and skills of our employees. Our passion for groundbreaking solutions is driven by involvement, knowledge sharing, mutual respect, and listening to our customers. Together, it creates a strong foundation for continuous improvement and innovation to the benefit of our customers. We are proud of the solutions we make for and together with our customers, and we continue to innovate ourselves to develop and deliver world-class technology and knowledge - to enable a smarter and better future."

, CEO & Founder

6 ongoing National and EC funded R&D projects

Founder & EVP Mastering

Head of Optics & IP

Manager, Project Management Office

Jens Peter Due Olsen

CEO at 5th Planted Games

Managing Partner at JOLT CAPITAL

Theodor Nielsen

Founder & CEO at NILT

Partner at 

Partner at ACME Capital

Dr. Techn. N. Asger Mortensen

Professor & Villum Investigator, D-IAS Chair of Technical Science, Fellow of APS, OSA, SPIE & IOP

Jolt Capital provides growth equity financing to European B2B technology companies about to go global and with current revenue from €15m to €50m. Led by seasoned investors and former C-level executives, Jolt Capital actively drives portfolio companies’ expansion and exits. Jolt Capital’s proprietary AI platform, Jolt.Ninja, exponentially improves mapping of Europe’s technology ecosystem, ESG-compliant deal flow generation, due diligences and post-investment activities. Read more at jolt-capital.com

NGP Capital

NGP Capital is a globally engaged venture capital fund backing growth-stage and revenue-generating technology companies that will shape and power a fully connected world. By operating one, global fund with over $1.2 billion under management, we extend our companies’ reach via on-the-ground teams in U.S., Europe, India, and China making our portfolio company products and services local everywhere. Read more at ngpcap.com

Vaeksfonden is the Danish state’s investment fund. Working in close collaboration with banks and domestic and international investors, Vaekstfonden discovers and develops the companies that Denmark cannot afford to miss out on. The power of innovation yield to society and responsibility are the three signposts that guide Vaekstfonden in finding and choosing new projects. Since 1992, Vaekstfonden has contributed more than DKK 33,8 billion to help develop and grow more than 9.200 companies. Read more at vf.dk

Established in June 2020, the European Innovation Council (EIC) Fund a breakthrough initiative of the European Commission to make direct equity and quasi-equity investments (between €500.000 and €15 million) in European high impact and deep tech start-ups and scale ups. The EIC Fund aims to fill a critical financing gap particularly faced by innovative science and engineering based companies when bringing their technologies to market. While filing this financing gap, the Fund’s main purpose is not to maximize financial investment returns, but to have a high impact by accompanying companies with breakthrough and disruptive technologies in their growth as patient capital investor. 

Swisscanto Invest by Zürcher Kantonalbank

Swisscanto Invest, with USD 200 billion AUM is one of the leading asset managers in Switzerland. The USD 200 million fund Swisscanto (CH) Private Equity Switzerland Growth I KmGK was launched in 2018, exclusively for qualified investors to invest primarily into ICT and medtech growth companies in the expansion phase. Over the last 15 years Zürcher Kantonalbank has established itself as one of the most active supporters and investors of Swiss venture and growth companies with investments in over 200 companies.

Get in touch with us

...and we'll get back to you as soon as possible.

 First Name Last Name Company Phone Email 

© NIL TECHNOLOGY – 2024

 +45 3111 1797 [email protected] 

[if IE]><script src="//www.nilt.com/wp-content/cache/wpfc-minified/2e4grvm7/e71w4.js" id="astra-flexibility-js"></script><![endif]

 WP Fastest Cache file was created in 2.1135601997375 seconds, on 13-03-24 19:19:25