ThissiteisoptimizedwiththeYoastSEOPremiumpluginv20.8(YoastSEOv22.3)-https:yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/
GetstartedwithANYMal-ANYbotics

/YoastSEOPremiumplugin.

DONOTCOPYTHISSNIPPET!Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.28

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Power & Utilities
Mining, Metals & Minerals

Articles and Case Studies

How do you get

Unlock rapid value scaling with the autonomous solution

The ANYbotics team guides you through training, commissioning, and capturing relevant data to generate value with the deployment.

Learn more about onboarding >

Operator training and inspection mission set-up

Immediate data insights and continued coaching

Improved asset performance and increased safety 

Scaling and roll-out across operations

Fleet Management
Optimize entire operations by deploying a fleet of inspection robots across multiple facilities.

Robot-as-a-Service
Leverage ANYbotics’ fully serviced RaaS model for hardware and software to scale robotics operationally.

Integration
Integrate with the existing asset management software and digital twins via ANYmal API.

Support & Services
Profit from continuous operation with ANYbotics’ support, maintenance, and repair program at your facility.

ANYmal brought to you by our partners

Our global network of resellers and partners gives you access to ANYmal solutions wherever you are.

Meet ANYmal in your region >

ANYmal creates value across industries

Monitoring Ex-rated gas facility

Automating inspection at a

1.5% uptime increase at chemical plant

Reducing human exposure in mining environments

How can your operations profit from ANYmal?
Talk to a human

ANYmal

Power & Utilities
Mining, Metals & Minerals

Articles and Case Studies

ANYmal

Power & Utilities
Mining, Metals & Minerals

Articles and Case Studies

//

 Parsed with iubenda experimental class in 0.0267 sec.