ThissiteisoptimizedwiththeYoastSEOPremiumpluginv20.8(YoastSEOv22.3)-https:yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/
RoboticinspectionforMining,Metals&Minerals-ANYbotics

/YoastSEOPremiumplugin.

DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! Start of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin v11.0.28

 DO NOT COPY THIS SNIPPET! End of Page Analytics Tracking for HubSpot WordPress plugin 

 End Google Tag Manager 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

Power & Utilities
Mining, Metals & Minerals

Articles and Case Studies

Robotic inspection for mining, metals & minerals

Increase safety at extraction and processing facilities

Reduce exposure to hazardous environments

Detect anomalies early and improve predictive maintenance

Better insights maximize asset performance

The mining and metals industry constantly strives to improve working conditions. improves safety, automates data collection for better awareness, and increases operational efficiency. It performs inspections day and night, even in challenging environments, making it ideal for the mining and metals industries.

Metals and minerals
 improves the sustainability of metals and minerals operations through automated inspections that are independent of external factors and increase the lifetime value of assets.

Corrosive, gaseous, and high-temperature environmentsATEX zones, material accumulations, and restricted areas 

Piping, hydraulics, instrumentation, actuators, and bearings 

Mining
ANYmal enhances mining safety by minimizing human risk, ensuring continuous monitoring, and autonomously providing accurate data for preventive measures during operations.

Safe and reliable inspections of structures and hazardous areasEarly intervention and emergency response alerts 

Material handling, crushing and screening, processing and beneficiation 

Outokumpu and ANYbotics sign deal to improve safety and sustainability in the steel industry

Together with ANYmal, Outokumpu continues to drive society forward by setting new standards for sustainable stainless steel in Finland, Germany, and Sweden.

ANYmal helps vale to
prioritize people in mining

In a partnership with ANYbotics, Vale highlights its commitment to becoming one of the safest and most reliable mining companies in the world.

Go to case study

Minimize dull, dirty, dangerous

With its industry-grade ruggedness, ANYmal is fit for tough workplaces and can take over routine inspections on your facility from day one.

Monitor asset in operations, identify thermal anomalies, detect gas presences, and create 3D reality capture.

Learn how to >

Mobile, autonomous and integrated

An end-to-end inspection solution for complex facilities, that integrates with your operation.

Discover ANYmal’s Capabilities >

Works on wet and bumpy terrain

Four-legged locomotion, based on reinforcement learning, enables robust maneuvering in challenging environments.

Explore the ANYmal platform >

	Our ANYmal can verify several asset conditions in addition to a circuit of critical spaces, stairs, and complex equipment—all autonomously, and always with the aim of integrating people, technologies, and processes that prioritize safety.	

Rayner Teixeira, 
Digital Maintenance Coordinator, VALE

Get started
Deploy ANYmal in a day
A ready-to-use solution and efficient onboarding ensure fast technology adoption

How can your operations profit from ANYmal?
Talk to a human

ANYmal

Power & Utilities
Mining, Metals & Minerals

Articles and Case Studies

Automate Inspection

ANYmal

Industries

Power & Utilities
Mining, Metals & Minerals

Articles and Case Studies

//

 Parsed with iubenda experimental class in 0.0246 sec.