EndGoogleTagManager

StartVWOCommonSmartcode

EndVWOCommonSmartcode
StartVWOAsyncSmartCode

EndVWO Async SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Health and Safety | Beekeeper

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Fewer accidents. Better productivity. Safer workers with Beekeeper. 

The all-in-one, mobile-first platform that puts you and your employees in control of safety at your workplace.» Talk to an expert 

Keep Employees Aware and Safe Throughout their Entire Shift 

Make safety communication, training, and reporting accessible to frontline employees, right from their mobile device. 

A Mobile-First Safety Management Solution Designed for Frontline Teams 

Because the best safety incident is the one that doesn’t happen. 

How can you build a culture of safety that reduces accidents and increases productivity? 

The answer is Beekeeper’s workplace safety package. 

Make Every Employee a Safety Expert from Day 1 

Share safety information and training material. From digital documents, automated content for new hires, or quizzes, Beekeeper lets you put safety communication at your team’s fingertips. The best part? Everything is automatically translated in their language. 

Digitize Safety and Pre-Shift Checks for Speed and Compliance 

Employees can take charge of workplace safety with regular safety inspections and pre-shift checklists. Everything is automated, mobile-friendly, and inspection reports are stored as a PDF for compliance and safekeeping.

Cargill increased near-miss reports submitted by employees by 50% after digitizing the form in Beekeeper. They also reduced the amount of time the HR team needed to follow up on reports.

Capture and Document Safety Incidents in Real Time 

Accidents, near misses, and safety hazards happen. Reporting and documenting them through Beekeeper’s digital forms empowers you to act quickly and mitigate risks. 

Optimize Safety Processes with Detailed Reporting 

Analyze your safety program to drive continuous improvement. Report on days since the last accident and other key safety metrics, and understand how your workforce perceives safety. 

Keep your employees safe and productive

» Talk to an expert

Top-Rated Frontline Success Solution