EndGoogleTagManager

 Start VWO Common Smartcode 

 End VWO Common Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Employee Management Software Hospitality | Beekeeper

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Looking for a Hospitality App? You’ve Come to the Right Place 

You need a way to connect and engage with your frontline hospitality employees — fast. Meet the only mobile hospitality app on the market that was designed and built for frontline teams. From employee communications to automating workflows, get your entire workforce buzzing with Beekeeper. 

These Hospitality Companies Already Love Us

Reach And Connect With Associates Easier, and Faster With Beekeeper

Looking for an app for hospitality workers? Engage your entire frontline staff with Beekeeper. Get the important conversations started for a better overall employee experience. 

Real-time direct and group chats

Company news and events

Team awards and recognition

Two-way communication for better engagement and retention scores 

Achieve Frontline Success With The Ultimate App for Hospitality Workers

We are a frontline success system (with deep roots in hospitality). Beekeeper fixes frontline disconnect once and for all. 

Create an amazing employee experience to build long-term commitment from your team.

When employees are loyal and committed, they’re more likely to go the extra mile to ensure guest satisfaction.

Digitize your paper processes and give your employees everything they need in the palm of their hands.

Flexible. Scalable. Customizable. Choose a plan that works for you. » See Plans 

Train and Retain Your Hospitality Teams

Tired of seeing 2-week notices pop up on your desk? With our all-in-one mobile hospitality app we guarantee better employee retention rates for your frontline.

New Hire Onboarding: Elevate new employee onboarding to ensure seamless integration and lasting commitment.

Employee Recognition: Foster a culture of appreciation, reinforcing staff loyalty through recognition and acknowledgment.

Employee Engagement: Gauge sentiment, bolster engagement, and nurture a workplace that encourages long-term commitment.

Onboard and Train New Hires Fast

Get access to custom onboarding templates and workflows that get new hires up to speed faster.

Real-time direct and group chats

With Beekeeper, Resorts World Las Vegas trained and onboarded +5,000 employees in less than a month

As a result of this wildly successful program, Beekeeper was named “Best Employee App” by Ragan Employee Communications Awards

99% of RWLV employees are activated on the Beekeeper platform 

» Discover our Onboarding Package

Actual ROI Numbers from Real Hospitality Customers 

email reduction and 50% more time spent on the floor

say Beekeeper allows them to perform better in their jobs

have seen ideas they can use to improve processes

Learn more about the Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Happy Employees = Happy Guests

Customer service and guest satisfaction are the heart of your business. When your frontline hospitality workforce is motivated, engaged, and informed, customers get better service. It’s that simple. 

Improve engagement by keeping a pulse on staff sentiment and feedback to continuously improve your operations

Managers report a 66% improvement in retention when employees feel valued 

Reduce time spent coordinating hospitality teams by up to 7 hours a week. That means more time to focus on what’s important — your guests!

91% of associates say Beekeeper allows them to perform their job better

Higher Retention Rates — Guaranteed

97% of frontline hospitality users feel more proud to work for their company

Employee Engagement Means Better Guest Satisfaction

23% increase in employee engagement scores

50% More Time Back to Serve Your Guests

Go Digital, Boost Productivity, and Save Big

Empowering employees with access to digital tools and information helps keep staff informed, engaged, and enabled with solutions they need to deliver their best work.

A Beekeeper-powered property with 300 employees saves over $100,000 annually from lower turnover, increased productivity, less printing, inline translation, and smooth operations. 

Access to information in seconds — not days

Boost upsells and cross-sells across the property

Save 5-7 hours for managers weekly by digitizing tasks and processes

Easily manage and coordinate shift schedules with better shift communication

“We would have seen much higher turnover if it weren’t for this tool. Employee engagement has definitely been enhanced at this property from using Beekeeper.”

Jason BrownDirector of People Operations

“Beekeeper has been critical in getting information out – from hotel openings, benefit enrollment, and more! Our CEO does his company-wide address on the platform. Every hotel has a stream to engage team members in workplace scheduling, guest requests, and best practices”

Debra PunkeSupthutChief Human Resources Office

“Since the implementation of this program, we have seen our communication and engagement metric scores in our team member surveys increase anywhere between two and five points.”

Melissa LombardoDirector of Training and Quality

“Now we can reach our entire population. As of this morning, 86% of our population are active on Beekeeper.”

Freddie HarmonVice President Human Resources

“Beekeeper has helped improve our guest and trip advisor scores. We’ve improved internal communication on every single detail it takes to orchestrate a hotel daily.””

Moral of the story? Beekeeper is more than a hospitality staff app. It’s a complete frontline success system. We do comms. We do engagement. We do productivity hacking. We do it all. 

Fix frontline disconnect and build a five-star hospitality workforce today. 

Learn about the future of the frontline workspace

Hospitality Trends Shaking Up The Status Quo

Case Study: How Life Time Inc Earned Its Highest Employee NPS During A Pandemic

How to Retain Employees in Hospitality Industry Without Breaking the Bank

Start transforming your business today

Get a free consultation with Amanda.