EndGoogleTagManager 

 Start VWO Common Smartcode 

 End VWO Common Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Frontline Intelligence Solution - Beekeeper

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Revolutionize your Business with Frontline Intelligence.

Give your frontline team what they need to do their best work, without having to guess.

>> Talk to an Expert

You have so much stuff to do, what if Beekeeper could be your guide?

When managers lack insights about how their employees are feeling and the work that’s being done, productivity slumps and employee churn becomes a serious problem.

Beekeeper’s Frontline Intelligence acts as a compass to give you AI-powered insights to help you make better business decisions and stay ahead of the competition.

Make teamwork your competitive advantage

Drive Employee Engagement With NEWAI-Powered Sentiment Analysis

Go beyond fundamental trends and analytics to get a snapshot of morale
Get a measure of how employees are feeling, without having to send a survey.
Stay fully GDPR and privacy compliant with our proprietary machine learning algorithms

Make Faster Progress With Real-Time Operations Insights

Pinpoint which projects are falling behind and learn how to fix them
View task analytics for your whole company, or by group or location.
Learn when and how quickly tasks are completed to find areas for process improvements

AI is such a buzzword, but what does it really mean?

» Download Our E-Book

Get a Competitive Advantage with Intelligent Benchmarking

Compare benchmark data from 1,200 leading frontline businesses to get insights on how to optimize employee engagement and operations
Quickly find areas of improvement and develop strategies to stay ahead of competition
Track employee engagement over time and compare with benchmarks.

Scale Your Efforts With A Library Of Automated Workflows & Surveys

Keep a consistent pulse on your employees and provide suggestions for improving productivity with templated workflows.
Trigger automated surveys and forms and automatically deploy actions based on how your team respond to surveys
Designed to cover a wide range of topics from job satisfaction to performance reviews

Track Engagement Better Than Ever Before

See employee engagement over time and compare it with benchmarks
Understand how your employees engage with your company so you can take action and improve
View daily, weekly and monthly active users to understand the value that you are driving.

Frontline teams can feel disconnected from the rest of the company. Understanding them is the first step to keeping your team engaged and energized to deliver the best results to your customers. 

That’s why companies are investing in our AI-powered sentiment analysis, operational analytics, employee engagement, and industry benchmarking to understand their teams and their bottom line. 

Start transforming your business today.

Get a free consultation with Urs.