EndGoogle Tag Manager 

 Start VWO Common Smartcode 

 End VWO Common Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Digital Workplace News | 

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Beekeeper Press Portal

Discover how we transform the digital workplace for frontline employees. Subscribe and be the first one to learn about breaking news!

Subscribe to Distribution List

January 23, 2024 | Fast Company
Fast Company consults our 2024 Frontline Pulse Report. wp:paragraph 

Frontline jobs are getting harder in 2024. Mangers and workers disagree about what impacts productivity. Beekeeper surveyed over 8,000 workers and found that attrition rates ranged from 40% to 70%.

Jan 19, 2024 | Unleash
Beekeeper: 4 in 10 frontline workers have quit in the last year wp:paragraph 

The figure jumps to over 50% in hospitality, and managers still don’t understand the main causes – here’s how tech could help.

January 17, 2024 | San Francisco Business Times
How satisfied are you with your job? wp:paragraph 

According to a newly released survey from San Francisco-based Beekeeper, not everybody was so hot on their workplace over the past year. 

June 28, 2023 | Business Wire
Beekeeper and PredictiveHR Announce Strategic Partnership to Drive Innovation and Market Growth wp:paragraph 

Beekeeper and PredictiveHR tackle the crisis of frontline disconnect and enhance working engagement and productivity

May 30, 2023 | SAP
SAP.iO Foundry Tel Aviv Kicks Off Deskless Workforces & People Management Program wp:paragraph 

SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) launched a virtual startup program focused on supporting deskless workers and people managers at SAP.iO Foundry Tel Aviv. A jury of SAP SuccessFactors solution experts selected 10 international startups whose solutions address the personas’ unique challenges as specified in original SAP SuccessFactors research.

April 5, 2023 | SIWOM
Top 13 Employee Communication Software Every Firm Should Use To Improve Collaboration wp:paragraph 

As hybrid working becomes more ingrained in office culture, the need for robust employee communication software has taken on greater importance. In the past, if you wanted to get some information quickly, you could just wander down a corridor and knock on a person’s door. Today, it’s much more practical just to ping them a DM...

Start transforming your business today

Get a free consultation with Amanda.