EndGoogleTagManager 

 Start VWO Common Smartcode 

 End VWO Common Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
The #1 Employee App for Healthcare. Improve Your Standard of Care with Beekeeper

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Need an Employee App for Healthcare? Meet Beekeeper

Beekeeper’s Frontline Success System enables you to connect directly with your healthcare workforce to optimize care quality, reduce health and safety incidents, and boost retention.

These Healthcare Companies Already Love Us

Go Digital And Improve Your Quality Of Care 

Streamline patient requests and process safety forms and information in minutes instead of days. Replace paper with digital safety checks, incident reports, checklists, and more to mitigate risks and address hazards in real-time.

Beekeeper is safe, compliant, and effective in the field

Fully compliant with safety and well-being regulations

Engage, recognize, and retain existing employees

Speed up onboarding of new hires

Automate and digitize paper-based processes like health forms, cleaning checklists, and more

»  Learn how the German Red Cross Did It

Create A Better Onboarding Experience For Healthcare Teams

Get new team members up to speed with fully automated onboarding in Beekeeper.  

Connect & Engage Healthcare Staff

No more phone trees, group texts, and WhatsApp groups. Get important, time-critical information to your employees in their preferred language and get confirmation they’ve read it.

Better, Safer Patient Care

Digitize paper-based processes. Streamline health checks, cleaning, and staff communication to improve quality of care.

Onboard & Retain More Staff

Reduce turnover by 40%.
Increase retention and strengthen team culture with employee recognition.
Automate your onboarding and get new hires up-to-speed 3Xs faster than before. 

Flexible. Scalable. Customizable. Choose a plan that works for you. » See Plans 

We Have High Standards. Strict Regulatory Compliance and Data Protection

ISO 27001, 27017, and 27018 certifications

Customer’s choice of data center location

Data is encrypted at rest and in transit

Disaster recovery and business continuity planning

Highly secure cloud-based SaaS offering

Mobile app data encryption

Contractually binding 99.9% SLA 

Attract and Retain Healthcare Employees

The labor shortage has impacted the healthcare industry hard. That’s why we’re committed to helping healthcare teams attract new employees, onboard and train them in less time, and boost overall retention rates. 

Bridge the gap between senior management and frontline healthcare staff

Instantly communicate urgent safety updates to medical staff

Reach a multilingual workforce with instant, inline translation

Share the most up-to-date shift schedules digitally and automatically notify employees of any changes. Streamline shift communication to make shift-swapping and requesting easier.

Host policies and SOPs in a mobile-friendly document library that field workers can access 24/7

“Our communication and operations with our staff have absolutely improved since implementing Beekeeper. Our frontline employees continue to be our most engaged users. Beekeeper helps connect employees working at multiple facilities and supports collaboration and teamwork in real time.”

“As smart and clear as the Beekeeper app itself, so was the support and implementation offered by the Beekeeper team. Despite the size of our company with a decentralized structure and around 180 employees, a single half-day workshop with 15 employees was enough to get Beekeeper up and running. Employees love Beekeeper and it’s impossible to imagine lifewithout it.”

“Beekeeper really helped to get everyone at Response engaged and to create a sense of community among all employees. There are so many great things happening and finally, we have a way to share that with everyone.”

“Beekeeper has been the perfect fit. We have 150+ team members working around the clock caring for about 150 aging and disabled residents… Beekeeper is a connected conversation rather than top-down communication. Every team member has the ability to share important information just as much as take it in. Flat out, our team is infinitely more engaged because of Beekeeper.”

Sarah Starcher-LaneHFA, Chief Operating Officer/Executive Director

Connect Beekeeper with the IT Systems You Already Use

Many of our healthcare customers love that Beekeeper integrates and enhances the programs they already use. 

Bring your intranet back to life

User management with Azure

SharePoint integration for document sharing

» Let’s Get Started

Learn about the future of the frontline workspace

Case Study: German Red Cross

Putting Patients First: Digital Transformation in the Healthcare Industry

The 5 Best Ways to Improve Communication in Healthcare

Start transforming your business today

Get a free consultation with Amanda.