EndGoogleTagManager 

 Start VWO Common Smartcode 

 End VWO Common Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Beekeeper - Best Team App for the Construction Industry

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Need an App for Construction Workers? Meet Beekeeper

You need a way to reach and connect with your frontline construction employees — fast. 

Finish projects on time and on budget, keep your workers safer, reduce compliance fees, and much more.

These Construction Companies Already Love Us

Finish Projects On-Time and On-Budget

Miscommunication is a hidden bottom line killer. With Beekeeper, you can save $250K per 1,000 workers by giving them easier access to information.

Get the job done with Beekeeper

77% of construction projects are at least 40% late

Reach employees across locations and languages 

Speed up onboarding of new hires

Automate and digitize paper-based processes like material requests and HR protocols

»  Discover our Construction Templates Package

The Ultimate Construction Management App

Ditch paper and onboard your Construction employees in half the time.

Any Language, Any Location

“Beekeeper has become an indispensable work tool on the construction site!” 

“We never had a tool for our craft-level employees to be a part of, which was unfortunate because that’s the majority of our workforce. And when you’re talking about recognition, who should we be recognizing but the people in the field that are doing the work?”

“With Beekeeper, we are able to engage and share best practices with numerous colleagues, no matter how remote their working place is. The app provides real added value to our health and safety campaigns.” 

Flexible. Scalable. Customizable. Choose a plan that works for you. » See Plans 

Our Construction Customers Get High Engagement, and Even Higher Retention Rates 

Automate health & safety alerts

Communicate instantly with field workers

Translate messages and announcements into over 100+ languages

Onboard and train your crew in half the time

$48,000 annual savings in shift coordination

Hire and Train Employees Faster

Boost referrals by 100x with a 30% hire rate

Save $249,000 annually with better retention

Keep Your Crews Safe 

Forward-thinking construction companies are using Beekeeper to communicate vital health and safety updates to their teams. And statistically reduce accidents and injuries in the workplace. Here’s how Holcim uses Beekeeper to keep workers safe

Plant managers can instantly follow up on safety-related questions

Ensure health and safety campaigns reach remote field employees 

Launch a Health and Safety News Stream with how-to videos and warm-up exercises for construction crews

Host policies and SOPs in a mobile-friendly document library

Do More With Less Paper

Digitize safety processes, onboarding, training, and more by replacing paper with digital forms in Beekeeper. Automate admin processes with our custom workflows. Do more with fewer resources in less time. 

Digitize repair requests, accident reports, equipment checklists, and safety audits 

Automate safety procedures and routine machine maintenance

Instantly coordinate supplies between sites to prevent waste

Inspection checklist: Meet the only construction app on the market that was designed and built for field teams. With our award-winning frontline success system, Beekeeper is guaranteed to help you complete projects on budget, keep your workers safe, and digitize everything you do on paper. 

» Let’s Get Started

Learn about the future of the frontline workspace

Case Study: How Wanzek Construction Generated 500+ Employee Referrals in 3 Months

Frontline Success for Manufacturing and Construction

Start transforming your business today

Get a free consultation with Amanda.