StartVWOCommon Smartcode 

 End VWO Common Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 
 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Employee Lifecycle Management Software - Beekeeper

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

Engage and Retain Your Workforce

Use the Beekeeper app to connect deskless workers across your organization.

Keep talent happy, engaged, and safe from hire to retire
Replace manual processes with smooth operations across the employee lifecycle

Trusted by 1.000+ companies

Schedule your demo of Employee Lifecycle Management today!

Top rated frontline success system

 Simon Kennedy, Chief Digital Officer at Foodstuffs

“We can take a lot of the goodness that’s in our culture and ramp up those conversations to the power of ten. Beekeeper has helped us to remove complexity, communicate clearly, and make everything easier to find!”

Your browser does not support the video tag.

Improve employee lifecycle across hospitality, construction, manufacturing, healthcare, and more!
Driving results for deskless workers and leaders

workers onboarded in weeks

pieces of paper saved pw

Build consistent employee experiences for every worker and manager
Fill the gaps between onboarding and offboarding
If you’re wondering “can it do this?”, the answer is probably yes. Create a process for each stage of the employee lifecycle, then put it all on autopilot.

 Flows

Prevent early quitting and paperwork nightmares

Prepare new hires for their start date and send a warm welcome
Streamline data collection and integrate with existing tools
Create onboarding tasks for workers, managers, and HR

Try free onboarding template

Performance and Training Management

Don’t let talent go to waste.

Manage safety trainings and compliance records
Promote constructive feedback
Identify future managers and leaders

Recognition and Retention Programs

Stop turnover before it happens

Foster a culture of recognition
Distribute rewards to top performers
Check in with employees and conduct stay interviews

Sign up for a free trial

Cut recruitment costs and fill open roles faster

Share guidelines and incentives to mobile devices
Notify workers about new job openings
Track program performance with analytics

Try our referrals widget

Designed to connect leadership to the frontline
The only employee lifecycle solution built for your needs

For HR
Free yourself from admin work so you can focus on your people. Build a strong, unified culture and brand that everyone wants to be a part of.

For IT
Consolidate your tech stack with one platform for your frontline teams with out-of-the-box integrations. Enjoy industry-leading adoption rates and control over your data.

For Operations
Produce better output by keeping skilled workers in their jobs. Drive efficiencies across the organization through automation and task management.

Where Beekeeper fits into the frontline tech stack
Engage and retain your workforce

HRIS

Safety Training and Skill Development

Preboarding and Onboarding

Safety Training and Skill Development

Safety Training and Skill Development

	Safety Training and Skill Development

“We recently implemented a digital onboarding process in Pike ToGo [Beekeeper], to reduce paperwork and streamline the orientation process. This saves us about 8,400 pieces of paper each week!”

Melissa StevensHuman Resources Generalist

“To date, we have promoted 107 field leaders, all of whom are highly engaged on Beekeeper. 52% of those same field leaders are still at the company. With the cost to train, hire, and onboard field leaders, that positively impacted our business with $168,000 in savings on increased retention.”

Tamara PalmerInternal Communications Manager

“Beekeeper has allowed us to digitize some of our operational processes like colleague shift management and daily briefings. There are also benefits we didn’t anticipate, such as the popularity of employees sharing personal stories and chiming in to recognize each other’s achievements.”

Mitch AustinCommunications Security Manager

“More than 12,000 non-wired Cargill employees have opted into using this tool and are now easily connected to information, resources, and communication they didn’t have before.”

Jay KnollSr. Communications Specialist

Ready to create an award-winning employee experience?

Set up a workshop with one of our frontline experts