EndGoogleTagManager

StartVWOCommon Smartcode 

 End VWO Common Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Meet Our Hive: The Beekeeper Team and Story

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro about-page Schema optimized by Schema Pro / about-page Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Frontline SuccessIs Our Success

At Beekeeper, we help companies connect their frontline workers with everything they need to do great work so workers live better lives and their businesses thrive.

Founded in 2012 by Cristian Grossmann, Andreas Slotosch, Daniel Sztutwojner, and in Zurich, , Beekeeper empowers frontline businesses and their workers with the digital solutions they need to do their best possible work and solve the great Frontline Disconnect.

Beekeeper’s Frontline Success System was designed and built for deskless workers who — despite representing 80% of the global workforce — have been chronically underserved when it comes to workplace technology. While our platform and our technology have evolved over the years, our mission always has and always will be to connect the unconnected and help people work better together.

We exist to help essential workers all over the world connect to the people, processes, and information they need to keep their business running smoothly. Beekeeper’s mobile-first platform helps companies automate paper-based processes, communicate with employees in real-time from anywhere, and improve the engagement, productivity, and safety of frontline teams.

Beekeeper is proud to lead the market with software created specifically for the frontline worker so that they can operate more efficiently, effectively and happier than ever before, ultimately achievingFrontline Success.

“We believe in a world where frontline teams are connected to everything they need in order to do great work, so that workers live better lives and businesses Thrive”

Cris GrossmanCEO & Co-FounderBeekeeper 

Meet the senior leadership team at Beekeeper committed to Frontline Success.

CEO, Co-Founder, Board Member

Chief of StaffVP Business Operations

Co-Founder, ChiefGrowth Officer, Board Member

Flavio Pfaffhauser 

Chief Innovation Officer, Co-Founder

VP Sales & Marketing Operations

Director of Global Expansions

Head Mid Market Sales EMEA

Head of Product Management

Head of Account Management, NA in Sales

Life in the Hive

We’re here to help realize the power, potential, and value of every single employee. We live by our core values. That’s why we believe in working together, bee-ing positive, and inspiring each other. Because we only succeed when our whole team does.

Join Our Growing Team

We’re always on the lookout for a new talented Bee to join the Hive!

>> View open positions

At the forefront and leading the way in the global frontline-focused technology revolution.

Frontline Businesses Run on Beekeeper

“Beekeeper helps us engage all our employees. This leads to real results, fast.”

Head of Sales at Butlers

“Beekeeper fills a central role in our hospital.”

CEO at the Kantonsspital Baden

In Time forEmployees To Access Information

“Beekeeper has become an indispensable work tool on the construction site!”

Building Foreman at Landolt

“Beekeeper is doing exactly what we hoped for—the metrics are outstanding!”

Senior Manager of Internal Communications at Wanzek

Read how Beekeeper is helping frontline businesses around the world to unlock their full potential.

Switzerland

All Beekeeper employees have WeWork access all over the world. 

Never miss the latest

Start transforming your business today

Get a free consultation with Urs.