EndGoogle Tag Manager 

 Start VWO Common Smartcode 

 End VWO Common Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
All-in-One Frontline Employee App | Beekeeper Software Features

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

A mobile-first system designed and built for deskless employees

Beekeeper helps connect your workers to the people, processes, and information they need to be productive, engaged and safe at work. The ultimate all-in-one and easy-to-use mobile app has the tools and features your organization needs to overcome the frontline disconnect.

New Hire – Onboarding

Improve new-hire retention by digitizing employee onboarding. Welcome new hires, check off onboarding tasks, share essential documents, and teach SOPs with automatic follow-up and recordkeeping.

Keep employees up-to-date on the latest training they need to gain expertise in their jobs.

Fill positions faster and with higher quality candidates by collecting and managing referrals from current employees.

Fill positions faster and with higher quality candidates by collecting and managing referrals from current employees.

See essential updates and communication at a glance upon opening the app. Quickly access other functions and external platforms.

Deliver communication to your employees in their preferred language. Automatically translate content into 100+ languages.

Improve your workplace environment by understanding how employees feel about their jobs and the organization. Act on feedback to continuously improve.

Forget paper logs and binders to keep track of shift handovers.  Type up shift summaries and create follow-up tasks for the next shift from anywhere.

Solve problems quickly with real-time individual and group messaging. Need to go hands free? Send a voice chat to get the job done

Communicate location closures, weather alerts, and emergencies in a timely manner. Add read receipts to crisis campaigns to check whether employees have seen the information.

A video is worth more than a thousand words. Instead of spending hours crafting detailed written updates, upload a video update in minutes.

Not all information is relevant for all your employees. Share communication specifically for a location, department, or team with the right employees.

Reduce downtime and maintain health and safety compliance with regular maintenance. Regularly main

Reduce accidents and injuries by sharing the health and safety information and policies. Employees can easily self-report safety incidents with automatic follow-up from HR and maintenance. Ensure employees know the latest safety procedures with quizzes.

Get the most out of your tech stack with Beekeeper’s 500+ apps and integrations.

Automate manual HR processes using our no-code workflow builder, designed specifically for the needs of frontline HR teams. Reduce administrative burdens and standardize the employee experience for managers and workers.

“We recently implemented a digital onboarding process in Pike ToGo [Beekeeper], to reduce paperwork and streamline the orientation process. This saves us about 8,400 pieces of paper each week!”

Melissa StevensHuman Resources Generalist

“In the old days, safety audits were paper-based, done manually. Today, we have optimized these processes with Beekeeper in a digital way – workers can enter the information on the spot, then group leaders get an immediate alert if something is unsafe and can then take action focusing on finding solutions to the unsafe situation.”

“To date, we have promoted 107 field leaders, all of whom are highly engaged on Beekeeper. 52% of those same field leaders are still at the company. With the cost to train, hire, and onboard field leaders, that positively impacted our business with $168,000 in savings on increased retention.”

Tamara PalmerInternal Communications Manager

“Beekeeper has allowed us to digitize some of our operational processes like colleague shift management and daily briefings. There are also benefits we didn’t anticipate, such as the popularity of employees sharing personal stories and chiming in to recognize each other’s achievements.”

Mitch AustinCommunications Security Manager

“More than 12,000 non-wired Cargill employees have opted into using this tool and are now easily connected to information, resources, and communication they didn’t have before.”

Jay KnollSr. Communications Specialist

Start transforming your business today.

Get a free consultation with Urs.

Recommended by over 1,000 companies