EndGoogleTagManager 

 Start VWO Common Smartcode 

 End VWO Common Smartcode 
 Start VWO Async SmartCode 

 End VWO Async SmartCode 

 This site is optimized with the Yoast SEO Premium plugin v20.2.1 (Yoast SEO v20.2.1) - https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/ 
Customer Success and Support | Beekeeper

 / Yoast SEO Premium plugin. 

 Start Drift By WP-Plugin: Drift 
 Start of Async Drift Code 

 End of Async Drift Code end: Drift Code. 

 site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro / site-navigation-element Schema optimized by Schema Pro breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro / breadcrumb Schema optimized by Schema Pro 

 Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

 End Google Tag Manager (noscript) 

How do you support new hires from Day 1? New pre-boarding and onboarding workflows + free trial

» NEW Employee Lifecycle 

 Close the gap between onboarding & offboarding with Employee Lifecycle Management!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

 2024 Frontline Survey Results

 Proven Strategies to Supercharge Frontline Success

 Why Microsoft Doesn’t Work for Frontline Businesses

 Maintenance & Inspection Checklist Package

 The True Cost of Frontline Disconnect

Frontline Workforce Pulse Report 2024 Unlock the Secrets of Frontline Workforce Success in 2024!

Book a demo with a product expert: Select your time here.

Maintenance and Inspection Checklist Package

Streamline your operations and improve compliance and safety.

Customer Success and Support

When we ask our customers what they like the most about Beekeeper, we often get the response “my Customer Success Manager.” This is not a surprise to us, nor does this happen by coincidence. At Beekeeper we have worked hard to build a proactive and highly supportive customer success model.

About the Customer Success Team

While the workplace app we offer is very intuitive and easy to use, the communication challenges our customers face are not so simple. That’s where our talented team comes in to help. As product, content, and technical experts, Customer Success Managers help customers overcome communication challenges and bring out the best in their employees with our internal communications platform. 

In addition to world-class customer relationship management from our Customer Success Managers, we also offer a wealth of resources, including our Help Center and online webinars. We want to make sure you have everything you need to improve communication at your company by providing the best insights and most effective team communication tools.

Phase 1 – Strategy

First we work with you to understand the current status of internal communications at your company. Together we establish goals and draw up a plan for how to achieve them.

Phase 2 – Implementation

Next we transfer knowledge and provide company tools for you to successfully implement Beekeeper. We help remove obstacles and support your team for a smooth roll-out in your workplace.

Phase 3 – Business Impact

Let’s understand the value and impact of Beekeeper on the bottom line, and let the rest of the business know how valuable improved communication and collaboration are.

Phase 4 – Learn & Grow

Kick off from a position of strength! It’s time to capitalize on your success, and build an internal communications strategy for next year and beyond!

 “The support we received in the beginning like PowerPoint templates for the launch was very helpful. Any time I have a question, I send an email and I get either a phone call or a reply back within an hour. Every time. All the customer support has just been really amazing.”
Tommi Krell, Director of Corporate Communications, West Star Aviation

Start transforming your business today.

Get a free consultation with a frontline success expert!